The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Really awful.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Definitely worth seeing it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.
