how many regions are in ghana? : ten
what is the favorite food for people in ashanti region of ghana? : fufu
what is the name of the king of the asantes? : otumfuo osei tutu i
what cash crop does ghana export? : cocoa
what is the primary occupation in ghana? : farming
which country is the leading producer of cocoa in africa? : cote d'ivoire
who is the minister of food and agriculture in ghana? : dr. owusu afriyie akoto
what is crop rotation? : the practice of growing a series of different types of crops in the same area in sequenced seasons
what is a cash crop? : an agricultural crop grown for sale to return profit.
what is arable farming? : a kind of farming in which the land is ploughed and used to grow crops.
what is the dominant native language in ghana? : twi
what is the current population of ghana? : 28.8 million
what is the capital city of ghana? : accra
where is golf mined in ashanti region? : obuasi
ghana is in which part of africa? : west africa
what is the southest point in ghana? : cape three points
which year did ghana gain independence? : 1957
which region in ghana has the largest population? : ashanti region
what is the world population in 2018? : 7.7 billion
which is the richest country in the world? : qatar
which food nutrient is in cooked yam? : carbohydrates
which food nutrient is in fried meat? : protein
which food nutrient is in groundnuts? : fats and oil.
which type of vitamins helps blood clotting? : vitamin k
which type of vitamins helps scurvy? : vitamin c
which is the largest ethnic group in ghana? : akan
which people celebrate homowo festival? : ga
which city in ghana has the largest population? : accra
how many religions are in ghana? : three
where are cattle dominantly reared in ghana? : northern part
how many lakes are in ghana? : two
which country is ashesi university found? : ghana.
how many countries are in africa? : 54
what is the most popular name for mini commercial vehicles in ghana? : trotro
which professionals work in the hospital? : doctors and nurses
which people are always on the pitch when one goes to the stadium? : football players
what is the new terminal opened in accra? : terminal 3
which is the richest country in africa? : nigeria
which transport company is the mostly popular in accra and kumasi? : vip buses
which dam supplies electricity to ghana? : akosombo dam
which country colonised kenya? : britain
when did kenya gain its independence? : 1964
what is the capital city of kenya? : nairobi
which continent is kenya in? : africa
does the equator pass through kenya? : yes
which countries does kenya border? : tanzania to the south and south-west, uganda to the west, south sudan to the north-west, ethipia to the north and somalia to the north-east
what is the current population of kenya? : approximately 48 million
which is the oldest city in kenya? : mombasa
which is the secold largest city in kenya? : kisumu city
is kenya part of the african great lakes region? : yes
who was the first president of kenya? : mzee jomo kenyatta
who was the second president of kenya? : daniel arap moi
who was the third president of kenya? : mwai kibaki
who is the current president of kenya? : uhuru kenyatta
how many presidents has kenya had since independence? : 4
who is the comander in chief of the kenya defence forces? : the president of kenya
what is largest source of foreign exchange revenue in kenya? : agriculture
what is second largest source of foreign exchange revenue in kenya? : tourism
what percentage does agriculture constitute the gdp in kenya? : 24%
what percentage does manufacturing constitute the gdp in kenya? : 14%
how many airports does kenya have? : 15
where does the largest share of kenya's electricity supply comes from? : geothermal power
what is kenya's gdp? : $74.94 billion (2017)
what is kenya's annual growth rate? : 4.9%
what are three main cash crops exported from kenya? : tea, coffee, flowers
what percentage of kenya's population is below 30 years? : 73%
what is the largest native ethnic group in kenya? : kikuyu
what is the official language in kenya? : english, kiswahili
which is the main religion in kenya? : christianity
which is the second largest religion in kenya? : islam
what is the total fertility rate in kenya? : 4.49 children per woman
what education system does kenya use? : 8-4-4
how many years is primary school education in kenya? : 8 years
how many years is secondary school education in kenya? : 4 years
who is the best know author from kenya? : ngugi wa thiong'o
who is the top artiste in kenya? : sauti sol band
what sports is kenya known for? : middle-distance athletics, long-distance athletics
where does kenya get its name from? : kenya is named after mt. kenya
what is kenya's staple food? : ugali
which is the best high school in kenya? : rift valley academy
what does ajax stand for? : asynchronous javascript and xml.
what does json stand for? : javascript object notation.
what does html stand for? : hypertext markup language.
what does php stand for? : php hypertext preprocessor.
what does css stand for? : cascading style sheets.
what does sql stand for? : standard query language
what does cms stand for? : content management system
what are some examples of content management systems (cmss)? : wordpress, wix
what does asp stand for? : active server pages
what does xml stand for? : extensible markup language.
what does xsl stand for? : extensible stylesheet language
what does xslt stand for? : extensible stylesheet language transformations
what does http stand for? : hypertext transfer protocol
what is java? : java is a programming language. java is used to develop mobile apps, web apps, desktop apps, games and much more.
what is xml? : extensible markup language
what is asp? : active server pages. asp is a development framework for building web pages.
what is python? : python is a popular programming language. it was created in 1991 by guido van rossum. it is used for: web development (server-side), software development, mathematics and system scripting.
what is angularjs? : angularjs is a javascript framework. it is a library written in javascript. angularjs extends html with ng-directives.
what is bootstrap? : bootstrap is the most popular html, css, and javascript framework for developing responsive, mobile-first websites.
what is json? : json stands for javascript object notation. json is a syntax for storing and exchanging data.
what is node.js? : node.js is an open source server environment. node.js allows you to run javascript on the server.
what is ajax? : ajax can be used to read data from a web server - after the page has loaded, update a web page without reloading the page and send data to a web server - in the background.
what is html? : html stands for hypertext markup language. html describes the structure of web pages using markup. html elements are the building blocks of html pages.
what is javascript? : javascript is the programming language of html and the web. javascript can make changes to html attributes and modify css.
what is css? : for cascading style sheets.
what is jquery? : jquery is a lightweight, "write less, do more", javascript library
what is sql? : sql is a standard language for storing, manipulating and retrieving data in relational databases.
what is php? : php is a server scripting language, and a powerful tool for making dynamic and interactive web pages.
what is an rss feed? : rss stands for "really simple syndication".
what is reactjs? : reactjs basically is an open-source javascript library which is used for building user interfaces specifically for single page applications.
what is react native? : react native is a javascript framework for writing real, natively rendering mobile applications for ios and android.
what is vuejs? : vue is a progressive framework for building user interfaces.
what are html attributes? : all html elements can have attributes. attributes provide additional information about an element.
what is responsive web design : responsive web design is the approach that suggests that design and development should respond to the user's behavior and environment based on screen size, platform and orientation. the practice consists of a mix of flexible grids and layouts, images and an intelligent use of css media queries.
what is html5? : html5 is the latest evolution of the standard that defines html.
what does dom mean? : the document object model (dom) is an application programming interface (api) for valid html and well-formed xml documents.
what is a relational database? : a relational database is a set of formally described tables from which data can be accessed or reassembled in many different ways without having to reorganize the database tables.
what is a non-relational database? : a nosql (originally referring to "non sql" or "non relational") database provides a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data that is modeled in means other than the tabular relations used in relational databases.
what is wordpress? : wordpress is an online, open source website creation tool written in php.
what is sql injection? : sql injection is a code injection technique, used to attack data-driven applications, in which nefarious sql statements are inserted into an entry field for execution (e.g. to dump the database contents to the attacker).
how quick was the fastest goal in soccer? : the fastest goal in soccer history was scored just over 2 seconds after kick-off.
what is the name of the physical location where soccer is played? : soccer is played in a stadium.
how many players are on a soccer pitch at every point in time? : at the start of a game, there are a total of 22 footballers on the pitch (11 a-side).
how can i become a referee? : to become a football association (fa) referee you need to be at least 14-years-old.
what is a penalty in football? : in fifa football, a penalty kick is a unique version of the direct free kick.
where was the original 2014 world cup's ball produced? : the original 2014 world cup's ball was produced in pakistan.
what's the most goals scored in a world cup match? : the most goals scored in a world cup's match was 10 by hungary against el salvador in 1982.
did america coin the term "soccer"? : the british coined the term "soccer" in the late 1800s, not america.
what is the australian national soccer team called? : australia's national soccer team is called "the socceroos."
who was the youngest ever professional soccer player? : a 20-month-old baby was the youngest professional soccer player ever, after being signed up by a belgian club.
when was the first soccer game televised? : the first soccer game was televised in 1937.
what was the first soccer game televised? and what teams played? : the first soccer game televised was a friendly match between arsenal's first and second team in 1937.
on average how far do soccer players run in a match? : on average, soccer players run as far as 9.5 miles in a single match.
how many minutes are played in a normal soccer game? : 90 minutes, excluding additional time and extra time.
does the vatican have its own soccer team? : yes it does.
 does fifa have more member countries than the united nations? : yes it does.
what is fifa? : the fédération internationale de football association (fifa) is an association governed by swiss law.
when was fifa founded? : fifa was founded in 1904
where is the headquarter of fifa? : fifa is headquatered in zuric, switzerland
how many member countries does fifa have? : fifa has 211 national associatons
where did the first world cup take place? : the first world cup took place in montevideo, uruguay in 1930.
how many teams participated in the first world cup? : just 13 national teams participated.
who won the first world cup? : the hosts uruguay were the winners of the first wworld cup.
what is the uefa champions league? : the uefa champions league is an annual club football competition organised by uefa and contested by top-division european clubs.
when was the uefa champions league founded? : the uefa champions league was founded in 1955.
who's the top scorer in the world cup? : the world cup's top scorer is the retired german striker miroslav klose. he scored 24 goals over four tournaments.
who holds the record for top scorer in a single world cup? : the former french player just fontaine holds the record for top scorer in a single world cup. in 1958 he sccored 13 goals.
who was the first team to win the champions league? : real madrid was the first team to ever win the champions league in 1955-56.
who wrote the uefa champions league anthem? : tony britten wrote the uefa champions league anthem in 1992 when the competition got rebranded.
who scored the fastest goal in the uefa champions league? : the fastest goal scored in the champions league was by bayern munich’s roy makkay versus real madrid in 2007.
what is the biggest win in a world cup qualifying game? : the biggest win in world cup qualifying was in 2001, between australia and american samoa. the australians won by 31 to 0.
what national team has the most world cup trophies? : the team with the most trophies is brazil. they have won the competition on five occasions.
who is the oldest player to win the world cup? : retired goalkeeper dino zoff is the oldest player to win the competition in 1982 when italy won it. he was 40 years old.
has any team participated in all world cup competitions? : brazil is the only team to have participated in every edition of the world cup.
who scored the fastest hattrick in the uefa champions league? : swansea’s bafétimbi gomis scored the fastest champions league hattrick in 2011 under 8 minutes.
has any team won the world cup back-to-back? : brazil (in 1958 and 1962) and italy (in 1934 and 1938) are the only countries to win the competitions back-to-back.
which teams have won the world cup as a host? : uruguay in 1930, italy in 1934, england in 1966, germany in 1974, argentina in 1978 and france in 1998.
who is the most regular world cup scorer? : the brazillain, jairzinho is the only footballer to score at least one goal in every game of one competition.
which player has the most appearances in the world cup? :  rafael marques, lothar matthaus and antonio carbajal all have 5 appearances.
who is the oldest player to score at the world cup? : former cameroon striker, roger milla. he was 42-years old.
when is the best time to buy a new car? : the best times to buy a new car are at the end of the month, the end of the quarter and the end of the year. dealers and their salespeople are rewarded for meeting sales goals during those time periods, so the sale of a few more vehicles could result in their getting a huge bonus that is based on all the vehicles they sold before the end of that time period. in these situations, dealers and salespeople are so motivated to close a sale that they will let some new cars go with little-or-no profit in the deal.
is there a "three day right to cancel" when buying a car? : no, there are no laws giving you a "three day right to cancel" or any kind of cooling-off period that would permit you to return a car that you bought. however, if the dealer puts that language in your contract (most dealers won't), then it might be possible. just remember: if something you want is not in writing, you're probably not going to get it.
is the dealer invoice price the real dealer cost on new cars? : the dealer invoice price is not the real dealer cost on a new car or truck. dealers get all kinds of cash incentives, rewards and bonuses after new vehicles are sold, which allows them to make huge profits when they sell at the invoice price.
is leasing cheaper than buying? : in most cases, leasing is not cheaper than buying. if you typically keep new cars longer than three years, then buying is going to be cheaper in the long run.
what is a good lease deal? : a good lease deal is no money down, lease term 36 months or less, and a $200 monthly payment - or as close to this as you can get.
what is the condition of your vehicles? : our inventory is primarily 1-owner carfax certified cars and truck. most of our vehicles are factory certification eligible.
can i order a used car? : yes, simply fill out our locater request and we will locate a vehicle that meets your requirements.
can i have an independent inspection performed? : yes we welcome any independent inspection to be performed on all of our vehicles.
what types of parts are you able to order and install? : we have access to all original equipment part as well as all aftermarket and high performance. feel free to contact us if you have any specific questions or requests.
how often should i have my brakes serviced? : we recommend you have your brakes inspected approximately every 2nd oil change. this is the best way to ensure top safety and performance, and avoid long-term damage.
how can i figure out what’s wrong with my vehicle : if you feel that something’s not right with your vehicle, the best thing you can do is write down the symptoms, come in and see us, and give us the best explanation that you can.
what are some winter driving tips? : when driving in the winter, be sure to familiarize yourself with potential conditions, such as hydroplaning or snow, keep emergency numbers available at all times.
how can i be a more environmentally-friendly driver? : as an environmentally-friendly automotive shop, victoria transmission and auto care is proud to offer tips and tricks to our valued customers, to help you be a more ‘green’ driver.
how important is car maintenance? : regular maintenance helps to keep any vehicle running at optimum levels.
is buying a used car better than buying a new one? : one of the most obvious reasons to buy used is the cost involved – used cars are, on average, 50% cheaper than new cars. finance options will also be much more convenient, with shorter terms and lower payments.
can you lease used cars? : at the moment, we do not offer leasing options for used cars, but you can opt for our other great solutions, such as a personal contract plan or hire purchase.
 are used cars reliable? : oftentimes it is not possible to receive a detailed history of your car – this is not the case at thame cars. each one of our used cars comes with thorough information, is under 25,000 miles, visually looked after and screened through a 100-point safety check before being sold, so you can be sure that our cars are as reliable as they come.
how are used cars priced? : used cars are priced according to their specifications, age and condition. at thames, all our cars enjoy low prices and great quality – each one is carefully inspected and under 25,000 miles.
are used cars taxed? : used cars are taxed according to where you buy them from and when they were registered. buying a car with a registration certificate (v5c) from a dealer ensures that switching to a used car will be hassle-free and that you get all the help you need with the process.
how must extra fuel is burned when using air conditioning? : it is estimated that the use of air conditioning in a typical car reduces fuel economy by one to two miles per gallon. for larger cars, or when traveling in extreme heat, air conditioning cuts fuel economy up to four miles per gallon.
does putting extra air in the tires help a car cope with carrying extra weight? : definitely. when tires are cold, add five pounds to the pressures recommended by your car's manufacturer. but don't overload the car because excessive loads and sharp impacts can cause tire cord breaks and create damaging heat buildup because of abnormal sidewall flexing.
should you turn your car off when stopped for extended periods? : a car engine shouldn't be left idling unnecessarily for more than a minute. it takes less fuel to start a car than it takes to let it idle while waiting, say, for a long freight train to pass.
how long should you warm up an engine before winter driving? : an engine shouldn't idle for more than 15 to 30 seconds in any season, especially if it's fuel-injected.
are today's cars really better than the ones built in the 1950s? : the old models were more colorful and simpler to fix. but they were fuel-guzzling, overweight polluters that didn't stay in tune as long as modern cars. also, while most 1950s cars rarely exceeded 100,000 miles without lots of maintenance and gentle driving, even low-priced 1990s autos are routinely driven far more than 100,000 miles with minimal maintenance. they're also safer, with items such as air bags, advanced safety belt systems, anti-lock brakes and "crush" zones that let the car--not its occupants--absorb the impact in collisions. being lighter and more efficient, they're faster with a v-6 than most of the old v-8s.
does it matter where you buy gasoline? : buy gasoline at busy stations to ensure you don't get a "bad load" that has been sitting too long in a tank. also, don't buy gas at a station at the same time you see a delivery truck filling an underground tank--and stirring up impurities in the fuel in that tank.
why is test driving a car important? : while window shopping is a good way to get started on your car buying journey, the only way to get the best feel for a vehicle is to get behind the wheel for a test drive.
how do i know when i need an oil change? : oil changes should be done every three months or every 3,000 to 5,000 miles, whichever comes first.
why do i need regular oil changes? : oil changes are necessary to keep your vehicle running in good condition, as oil provides lubrication for your engine and helps maintain cleanliness.
my car won't hold a straight line without corrections from me. is something wrong? : your vehicle should be able to travel in a straight line without corrective action from you when the steering wheel is in the proper position. if it can't, your automobile may be out of alignment.
what is carfax? : this is a vehicle history report based on the vin number of the vehicle. a carfax report typically provides information like how many owners the car has had and if it has been in an accident.
what is a trade-in value? : this is the amount that the dealership will credit you towards a new purchase based on the value of the vehicle that you have traded in.
should i sell my car myself or trade it in? : if you don't mind listing the vehicle, marketing it, scheduling potential buyers, worrying about damage done during a test drive and other "costs," then you might choose to sell it yourself.
when is the best time to buy a car? : you will always find an extensive inventory of new dodge cars and ram trucks at competitive prices at our dodge dealership, no matter the time of year.
how important is vehicle maintenance? : if you want your car to run for years, be sure to get it regular maintenance. when you schedule regular maintenance at our ford service center, you will feel confident in the health of your vehicle.
where do you buy your vehicles? : we buy from sellers like mercedes-benz credit, bmw financial, and etc....if you've ever leased or purchased a new car from a mercedes-benz dealer, then you probably were financed through either your own credit union or mercedes-benz credit corp.
what are the advantages to leasing a car? : leasing a new toyota sedan or a new luxury suv has several advantages. if you like the idea of driving a new car every few years, don't drive a lot of miles per year (12,000 or less), don't relish the idea of trading in or selling a vehicle after your purchase it, then leasing at our car dealership in indianapolis, in makes a lot of sense.
should i be concerned about the quality of pre-owned cars? : not at all. we're living in a pre-owned vehicle "golden age", where the quality and reliability possessed by pre-owned cars, and especially certified pre-owned cars, is at an all-time high. for example, every certified used car for sale is exhaustively inspected, refurbished into "like new" condition, and comes with an exceptional warranty, maintenance discounts, and much more.
who can write a dealer review? : anyone who is not currently affiliated with a car dealership, or has not worked for any car dealership in the past 5 years can write a review provided he/she has had firsthand experience with the dealership.
why is my check engine light on? what if it’s blinking? : your check engine light could be on for a multitude of reasons from the gas cap not being sealed properly to sensors or an even bigger issue.
 what food is the leading source of salmonella poisoning? :  chicken.
 what company first condensed soup in 1898? :  campbell's.
 what nutty legume accounts for one sixth of the world's vegetable oil production? :  the peanut.
 what country saw the cultivation of the first potato, in 200 a.d.? :  south america.
 what type of lettuce was calledcrispheaduntil the 1920s? :  iceberg lettuce.
 what tree gives us prunes? :  the plum tree.
 what type of chocolate was first developed for public consumption in vevey, switzerland in 1875? :  milk chocolate.
 what added ingredient keeps confectioners' sugar from clumping? :  corn starch.
 what edible comes incrimmini, morel, oyster and wood ear varieties? :  mushrooms.
 what newly-imported substance caused the first major outbreak of tooth decay in europe, in the1500's? :  sugar.
 what fat substitute got fda approval for use in snack foods, despite reports of diarrhea and cramps? :  olestra.
 what ingredient in fresh milk is eventually devoured by bacteria, causing the sour taste? :  lactose.
 what uncooked meat is a trichina worm most likely to make a home in? :  pork.
 what baking ingredient, sprayed at high pressure, did the u.s. air force replace its toxic paint stripper with? :  baking soda.
 what staple is laced with up to 16 additives including plaster ofparis, to stay fresh? :  bread.
 what falling fruit supposedly inspired isaac newton to write the laws of gravity? :  an apple.
 what method of preserving food did the incas first use, on potatoes? :  freeze-drying.
 what deli sandwich topped dateline nbc's list for total fat content - a reuben,blt ortuna salad with mayo? :  tuna salad with mayo.
 what drupaceous fruit were hawaiian women once forbidden by law to eat? :  the coconut.
 what hit the market alongside spinach as the first frozen veggies? :  peas.
 how many sizes of chicken eggs does the usda recognize, including peewee? :  six.
 what are de-headed, de-veinedansorted by size in alaitrammachine? :  shrimp.
 what's the only fish that produces real caviar, according to the fda? :  sturgeon.
 what type of egg will yield 11 and one-half average-sizeomelettes? :  an ostrich egg.
 what's the groundnut better known as? :  the peanut.
 what crystalline salt is frequently used to enhance the flavor to tv dinners? :  monosodium glutamate.
 what sticky sweetener was traditionally used as an antiseptic ointment for cuts and burns? :  honey.
 what should your diet be high in to lessen the chance of colon cancer, according to a 1990 study? :  fiber.
 what nut do two-thirds of its u. s. producers sell through blue diamond? :  the almond.
 the rice dish paella comes from what country? :  spain
 deer meat is known by what name? :  venison
 arehumansomnivore, herbivore or carnivore? :  omnivore
 what food is used as the base of guacamole? :  avocado
 the range of vegetables, fruits, meats, nuts, grains, herbs and spices used in cooking are known as what? :  ingredients
 which country is the worlds largest producer of bananas? :  india
 what is the sweet substance made by bees? :  honey
 lures, reels, rods, hooks, baits and nets are common equipment used in what food gathering method? :  fishing
 in how many countries around the world does mcdonalds have restaurants? :  100
 the pizza hut franchise began in what country? :  usa
 foods rich in starch such as pasta and bread are often known by what word starting with the letter c? :  carbohydrates
 true or false? trans fats are good for your health. :  false
 what is another name for maize? :  corn
 fruit preserves made from citrus fruits, sugar and water are known as what? :  marmalade
 true or false? beefsteak is a variety of tomato. :  true
 dairy products are generally made from what common liquid? :  milk
 do coconut trees grow better in cold or warm climates? :  warm
 true or false? cooking food often transforms its chemical makeup. :  true
 what is the popular food used to carve jack-o-lanterns during halloween? :  pumpkins
 chiffon, marble andbundtare types of what? :  cake
 what is the most widely eaten fish in the world? :  herring
 who invented the telephone? :  bell
 which nail grows fastest? :  middle
 what temperature does water boil at? :  100c
 who discovered penicillin? :  fleming
 what spanish artist said he would eat his wife when she died? :  dali
 who wrote julius caesar, macbeth and hamlet? :  shakespeare
 who wrotelazarillode tormes? :  anonymous
 what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan? :  alarm clock
 where was lope de vega born? :  madrid
 who did lady diana spencer marry? :  prince charles
 where is mulhacen? :  granada spain
 how many states are there in the united states of america? :  50
 which river passes through madrid? :  manzanares
 which german city is famous for the perfume it produces? :  cologne
 who did prince rainier of monaco marry? :  grace kelly
 what year did the spanish civil war end? :  1939
 when did the first world war start? :  1914
 what did josephpriesleydiscover in 1774? :  oxygen
 where is the smallest bone in the body? :  ear
 which is the only mammal that cant jump? :  elephant
 what does the roman numeral c represent? :  100
 whatcolouris a panda? :  black and white
 what nationality was chopin? :  polish
 whats the best known artificial international language? :  esperanto
 who lived at 221b, baker street, london? :  sherlock holmes
 who cut van goghs ear? :  he did
 where did salvador dali live? :  figueras
 who painted the mona lisa? :  da vinci
 how many dots are there on two dice? :  42
 what horoscope sign has a crab? :  cancer
 in which shop can you buy books in england? :  bookshop
 where does the british prime minister live? :  10, downing street
 how long is the compulsory military service in england? :  doesnt exist
 when did the second world war end? :  1945
 what are the first three words of the bible? :  in the beginning
 how many children has queen elizabeth the second got? :  4
 whats the real name ofsiddarthagautama? :  budha
 whats the name of the famous big clock in london? :  big ben
 where was christopher columbus born? :  genoa
 when did the american civil war end? :  1865
 what did the 7 dwarves do for a job? :  miners
 who painted the sistine chapel? :  michelangelo
 who wrote la colmena? :  cela
 name a famous detective who smoked a pipe and played the violin. :  s. holmes
 who said e=mc2 ? :  einstein
 which planet is nearest the sun? :  mercury
 where are the dolomites? :  italy
 whats the capital of kenya? :  nairobi
 which is the largest ocean? :  pacific
 whats the capital of honduras? :  tegucigarpa
 what does usa stand for? :  united states of america
 how many states is united states composed of? :  fifty
 what is the capital city of united states? :  washington dc
 which is the world's oldest surviving federation :  united states
 a citizen of the united states is called? :  an american
 the first inhabitant of north america migrated from? :  siberia
 how many people are in the united states? :  324,406,583
 how old is america? :  238 years
 who won the 2016 presidential election in the united states? :  donald trump
 who discovered america? :  christopher columbus
 what percentage of americans voted in 2016? :  59.7 percent
 when was slavery abolished in usa? :  december 6th, 1865
 is puerto part of the united states? :  yes
 how many gold medals does usa have? :  1118 gold medals
 is united states of america a country? :  yes
 how many aircraft carriers does the united states have? :  ten
 whats the country code for america? :  1
 when did america become a country? :  1777
 how many time zones are in the us? :  six
 which country recognized america as a country :  morocco
 independence day was first established as a holiday by congress in what year? :  1870
 which year did texas become a state? :  1845
 who was the first president to live in the white house? :  john adams
 which battle was the turning point of american revolution? :  battle of saratoga
 which year did the us stock market face the black monday? :  1987
 name the tax which was imposed on the goods in the country :  tariff
 name the first cash crop of america :  tobacco
 which european language was first spoken in the united states? :  spanish
 in what year did english become the official language of america? :  1795
 what is the name of the first american constitution? :  articles of confederation
 how many blacks has become the president of america? :  eight
 in which year was the first commercial flight of america scheduled? :  in 1914
 which treaty forced britain to recognize united states as an independent nation? :  the treaty of paris of 1783
 who was the first president of united states to appear on television? :  franklin roosevelt
 who was the 16th president of the united states? :  abraham lincoln
 which state was formally not admitted in the union of the us? :  ohio
 when was the last amendment made in the constitution of america? :  1992
 which city of america firstly used electricity for the street lights? :  wolash, indiana
 which year was the american constitution written? :  1787
 who coined the word new england? :  john smith
 which president gave the shortest inaugural speech :  george washington
 name the oldest city of the united states :  st. augustine
 who was the last man to sign the declaration of independence? :  thomas mckean
 name the oldest elected president of america :  ronald reagan
 who was the first president to be born in the united states? :  martin van buren
 where was the republican party founded? :  ripon
 name the america's worst national disaster :  explosion in west virginia
 name the first american space station :  skylab
 name the first carrier of typhoid in the united states :  mary mallon
 which area was hit by the deadliest hurricane of us? :  galveston, texas
 what is "serverless"? where can one learn more about it, and how it can be used today? :  serverless computing, also known as function as a service (faas), is a cloud computing code execution model in which the cloud provider fully manages starting and stopping of a function's container platform as a service (paas) as necessary to serve requests, and requests are billed by an abstract measure of the resources required to satisfy the request, rather than per virtual machine, per hour.
 whatisthe aws serverless application repository? :  the aws serverless application repository offers a growing collection of serverless applications published by aws and other aws partners and developers. the serverless application repository makes it easy to deploy applications for common use cases like web and mobile back-ends, stream processing, machine learning, and more, so you can quickly get started with the aws serverless platform.
 what is aws lambda? :  aws lambda is an amazon serverless computing system that runs code and automatically manages your underlying compute resources. it lets you automatically run code in response to many types of events, such as http requests from amazon api gateway, table updates in amazon dynamodb, and state transitions. it also enables you to extend to other aws services with custom logic, and even create your own back-end services.
 what is aws sam cli? :  the sam command line interface (cli) lets you locally build, test, and debug serverless applications defined by aws sam templates. sam cli provides a lambda-like execution environment locally and helps you catch issues upfront.
 which languages does aws sam support? :  you can use aws sam to build serverless applications that useany runtime supported by aws lambda. you can also use sam cli to locally debug lambda functions written in node.js, java, python, and go.
 how much does aws sam cost to use? :  there is no additional charge to use aws sam. you pay for the aws resources created using sam in the same manner as if you created them manually. you only pay for what you use, as you use it. there are no minimum fees and no required upfront commitments.
 how do i install aws sam cli? :  you can install aws sam cli on linux, mac, or windows using pip. to get started,visit our installation documentation.
 is aws sam open-source? :   aws sam and the sam cli are open-sourced under the apache 2.0 license. you can contribute new features and enhancements toaws sam on githubor theaws sam cli on github.
 how do i manage serverless applications deployed to my account? :  serverless applications are deployed as aws cloudformation stacks, which make it easy for you to manage an application as a single unit. each resource is tagged with the applications uniquely identifiable amazon resource name (arn), which helps you locate the resources using the aws tag editor console. you can also use existing aws and third-party tools to manage each resource separately.
 can i charge a fee for serverless applications i publish? :  if you would like to charge a fee for the use of a serverless application, you can integrate aws lambda behind amazon api gateway, and then sell the api as a saas product through the aws marketplace. to learn more, review the steps to list on aws marketplace and how to monetize your api using api gateway.
 why use serverless computing? :   building serverless applications means that your developers can focus on their core product instead of worrying about managing and operating servers or runtimes, either in the cloud or on-premises. this reduced overhead lets developers reclaim time and energy that can be spent on developing great products which scale and that are reliable.
 where is azure support available? :   support is available in markets where microsoft azure is offered. some specific services may not be covered in all regions immediately after general availability (ga).
 what is a break-fix issue? :  break-fix issues are technical problems you experience while using azure services. "break-fix" is an industry term that refers to work involved in supporting a technology when it fails in the normal course of its function, which requires intervention by a support organization to be restored to working order."
 what is the azure free account? :   the azure free account includes $200 credit to spend for the first 30 days of sign up, free access to our most popular azure products for 12 months, and access to more than 25 products that are always free.
 what happens once i use my $200 free credit or im at the end of 30 days? :   well notify you so you can decide if you want to upgrade to a pay-as-you-go subscription. if you do, youll have access to all the free products. if you dont, your account and products will be disabled, and you'll need to upgrade to resume usage.
 how do i know how much of the $200 ive used and how much i have left? :   your remaining credit is shown at the top of the management portal, so you always know where you're at.
 can i apply any of my $200 credit towards azure marketplace offers? :   no, your credit cant be applied to azure marketplace offers. however, many azure marketplace partners offer free trials and/or free tier plans for their solutions.
 what if i still have questions? :   give us a call at 1-800-867-1389 and well be happy to answer any questions you have.
 can i use my azure hybrid benefit within the azure free account? :   no. the azure hybrid benefit cannot be combined with the products offered for free.
 do i have to pay something after 30 days? :   at the end of your first 30 days, you can continue using your free products after you upgrade your account to a pay-as-you-go azure subscription and remove the spending limit. if you stay within the service quantities included for free, you wont have to pay anything.
 what are my support options? :   see the cloud storage getting support page for information about support options.
 where can i find pricing information? :   read the pricing page for detailed information on pricing, including how cloud storage calculates bandwidth and storage usage.
 i'm developing a library or tool for cloud storage and i want to sell it on the internet. is this okay? :   yes!
 can i use cloud storage with my g suite account or cloud identity domain? :   yes, you can use cloud storage with either.
 how do i get started with using cloud iam? :   to get started with cloud iam, read iamquickstart.
 can i purchase support plan for one of my services or for multiple accounts? :  no. alibaba cloud support plan covers all services and users under the same accountso as toprovide a seamless service. however, it could not be used for one service only or for different accounts.
 could i cancel alibaba cloud support subscription? :  for paid support plans, you could not cancel them in the middle of the subscription you signed up. however, you may cancel the subscription for the subsequent months by turning off the auto-renew button.
 how to get support from alibaba cloud? :   for basic, developer and business plan users, you could open a ticket from support center. if you have enterprise support plan, you may reach us through phone, web chat, and technical account manager.
 who could use alibaba cloud support? and do you speak my language? :   alibaba cloud support service is a key factor for users to have a seamless and smooth experience with alibaba cloud services. all alibaba cloud users are recommended to choose a support plan based on their needs and budget.we now offer support in english.
 is the cloud secure? :   yes.physical resources reside in secure facilities, with independent auditing practices followed by the cloud vendors. data are encrypted and host companies do not have access to those encryption keys. you (the account holder) manage access through user identities and access policies.
 do nsf and nih fund cloud computing? :   yes, absolutely.both the national science foundation (nsf) and the national institutes of health (nih) fund cloud computing, but these fund sources do not qualify for any discounts or additional credits. we can help you explore these options.
 what can i do with a cloud server? :   the rackspace cloud servers solution is a fully unrestricted, root/administrator level access, linux or windows environment. any application or service that you can run from a traditional, physical, dedicated-unmanaged operations server can be run from your cloud server.
 what if i mess up my cloud server? :   you can reboot your server. you can restore from a backup. you can delete your server and start over. you can boot into an emergency rescue mode and attempt fix the problem. there are many options for recovering from mistakes, but the easiest is to keep regular backups and to make a fresh backup before attempting any major configuration changes or before installing new software.
 can i buy extra storage? :   the native storage allocation for a cloud server is based on the cloud server flavor that you select, but you can add extra storage at any time with our cloud block storage service.
 can i run a firewall on my server? :   yes, and we encourage it! each linux serveris capable of runningthe linux-standard firewall called iptables; some even have it pre-configured. other firewall systems have been tested on cloud servers as well.
 where are your apis? :   the documentation for the api for cloud servers and our other products is located on the rackspace developer docs site.
 are security groups supported via the neutron client? :   yes. users can provision security groups by using the neutron client.
 is there a default security group that gets applied to my instances? :   no default security group is applied. you just create a security group and apply it to the ports on an instance.
 are security groups supported foronmetalusers? :   no. security groups are currently supported only for virtual cloud servers.
 can you resize an instance's cpu or ram while it is running? :   no, to change the flavor youhave torestart the server.
 can you add a local ssd volume to an instance? :   no, the additional volumes must be externalcephvolumes.
 can you mount an additional volume on several servers at the same time? :   no, this feature is still in development on openstack, it will be available in the next versions.
 can i try before i pay? :   yes, you can take a free trial of umbraco cloud and test it for 14 days with no obligation to buy.
 can i setup a load balanced umbraco cloud site? :   no.
 can i choose which azure region my projects run in? :   no. all services currently run in the azure west europe region.
 i would love to usewebsocketson my site. is this possible? :  yes it is!websocketsare enabled on all sites, old and new.
 whoisaws? :   amazon web services (aws) is the leading industry provider of cloud computing services. filemaker cloud is offered through aws marketplace, an online store that sells cloud-based software andservices, andruns on the aws cloud.
 who isorbitera? :  orbiterais an authorized filemaker reseller for filemaker cloud on aws marketplace.orbiterahelps companies sell and distribute cloud?ready solutions and services.
 in which regions is filemaker cloud available? :   filemaker cloud is currently available in the united states, canada, europe, japan, and australia.
 what is a user? :   a user is a unique person who will need any type of access to the filemaker platform. a user can create or use apps to view, enter, or modify data with ipad, iphone, windows, mac, or the web using the filemaker platform.
can i pair homepod with apple tv? : yes! it works great with an apple tv (i use it on my 4th gen). this is excellent for watching movies, esp. and for playing your music library and/or music on your computer if itunes sharing is turned on. plays pandora if you have that app as well- all of your audio-out needs. it doesn't stay active with the apple tv if you use it for other things, but it is really easy to access your audio settings and re-select it with needed, similar to an iphone or ipad. it, unfortunately, doesn't work as a general tv speaker- only atv. i don't think you can control anything besides volume by voice through the homepod-conneccted atv. but the siri remote is just as easy, really.
can i play apple music on the home pod and iphone at the same time? : yes you are able to independently play apple music (of the same subscription) on both your iphone and homepod concurrently.
the homepod isn’t available in new zealand yet. if i buy it in australia and bring it back to new zealand will it still work properly? : hi. yes, i've just done exactly that. australia use compatible plugs and voltage. only had it a couple of days, but the homepod seems to be working fine for me here in nz.
can it play spotify without going through airplay? : not only are you unable to open spotify, you are unable to open other "third party" apps such as my local krcc public radio app and or distribute the stream from that app, through my apple based home stereo system using apple express devices
can i use a homepod, or a pair, in place of a soundbar, or as a subwoofer for sonos or other soundbar? will it play stereo audio from my tv? : i have just set this up - via apple tv 4th generation - works great as i purchased 2 home pods from the us and brought them up to canada earlier. simply pair the home pods and on apple tv select the paired home pods in the video out.
can i buy a home pod from america and use it in hong kong? : i purchased one in america and use it in japan, since i am an expat. works fine. doesn’t have all the features as it would in america and has trouble with artist names and song names that are japanese. but if you speak english well you should have no problem.
will homepod access music from other services such as spotify, pandora and amazon music? : at launch, the only music app that will have full functionality (hey siri, play my pop playlist. hey siri, add this song to my favorites.) will be apple music. any other music service can be played through airplay to homepod, but you can only skip, search and edit playlists on the device, not through homepod.
will homepod play sirius xm? : homepod natively only supports apple music as noted on the homepod website.
can you pair airpods with the homepod : no, you cannot pair airpods with the homepod as bluetooth connectivity is not supported with the homepod.
can a homepod be set up as a default speaker for a mac : you cannot set homepod as your default speaker for your mac as it is not an audio device, but an airplay device. airplay is automatically turned off when you shut your mac down.
if i buy the us version will it work in other countries which use a different voltage? : yes, no problem
can multiple icloud accounts be used with homepod? : not as of yet
will homepod work with an iphone se? : yes. the iphone 5se is supported.
can i make calls on homepod : you can currently use the homepod for phone calls that you initiate on your iphone and then use homepod as a speakerphone. you can’t initiate the call on the homepod.
will it be compatible with nest/hive/hue/tplink etc : hue yes
what home automation technologies is this compatible with? : homekit enabled devices.
can you play the homepod without wifi? : i don't think so.
will i be able to play audio ibooks through the homepod? : ibooks, audiobooks, homepod
does this have to be plugged in to use or does it have a rechargeable battery? : power cord must be plugged into an outlet. there is no rechargeable battery.
do i need to subscribe for apple music or with homepod i get the subscription free? : you will have to subscribe to apple music for unlimited music streaming on homepod.
can homepod play dab radio? : not directly at the moment.
can i connect more than one homepod with each other? : yes, you can create a stereo in one room by pairing them.
can i ask it to dial or answer the iphone for me? : yes
iphone 6 pairing with homepod? : yes, you can use your iphone 6 to pair with your homepod
is the homepod cord hardwired in? : no
will the homepod allow me to voice control my apple tv. : no
can i connect my macbook air to the homepod? : yes, using peer-to-peer airplay
i currently do not have internet... will this work with out it? : no, it will not work
can homepod play music from safari? : yes
will the homepod be able to stream audio from my apple tv? : yes, the new airplay 2 will deliver seamless sound quality
my iphone ipod macbook and homepod are on the same shelf. i say “hey siri” who answers? : whichever is fastest
is the homepod waterproof? : no
what is the apple homepod? : the apple homepod combines a powerful, intelligent speaker system with the siri personal assistant and homekit compatibility.
what can it do? : homepod is a wireless “smart” speaker. once you’ve set it up using your iphone or ipad, you can control homepod using your voice.
what is the touchpad for? : you can interact with the touchpad to do things when you don’t want to use your voice. tap and hold to directly invoke siri. tap on the plus or minus button to change the volume. double tap to go the next song and triple tap to go to the previous track.
can it detect multiple voices? : siri right now can’t detect multiple voices.
does it work over bluetooth? : no
can i connect homepod to my cable box or my console? : no
does it support multi-room audio? : right now, you can’t use more than one homepod together.
how do i know when siri is recording? : there is an led on the top of the homepod that lights up when siri is recording
 how do i use alexa? :  alexa allows you to ask questions and make requests using just your voice. for instance, you can ask alexa a question, such as "what is the weather today in new york?", or tell alexa to do something, like "add batteries to my shopping list," or "play jazz." when you speak to alexa, a recording of what you asked alexa is sent to amazon's cloud so we can process and respond to your request. you access alexa differently based on the type of device you are using. for "hands free" devices, like the amazon echo, you access alexa by saying the wake word (alexa, echo, amazon, or computer). for other devices, like certain fire tablets, you access alexa by pressing a button.
 what happens when i speak to alexa? :  when you speak to alexa, a recording of what you asked alexa is sent to amazons cloud where we process your request and other information to respond to you. for example, when you ask alexa, play top hits on amazon music we use the recording of your request and information from amazon music to play top hits.
 is alexa recording all my conversations? :  no. echo devices are designed to detect only your chosen wake word (alexa, amazon, computer or echo). the device detects the wake word by identifying acoustic patterns that match the wake word. no audio is stored or sent to the cloud unless the device detects the wake word (or alexa is activated by pressing a button).
 can i review and delete my voice recordings? :  yes. you can review voice recordings associated with your account and delete those voice recordings one by one or all at once by visiting privacy in settings in the alexa app or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacy . you can also review those voice recordings by visiting history in settings in the alexa app and delete those voice recordings all at once for each of your alexa-enabled products by visiting manage your content and devices. deleting voice recordings may degrade your alexa experience. if you delete voice recordings, we will also remove home screen cards in the alexa app related to those voice recordings. however, removing a home screen card from your alexa app does not delete voice recordings. if you have changed your default marketplace while using an alexa-enabled product, you will need to perform this step for each marketplace to delete all voice recordings associated with your account. note that deleting your voice recordings does not remove your alexa messages. for more information on removing messages, refer to the faq "how do i remove messages?"
 how are my voice recordings used? :  alexa uses your voice recordings and other information, including from third-party services, to answer your questions, fulfil your requests, and improve your experience and our services. we associate your requests with your amazon account to allow you to review your voice recordings, access other amazon services (e.g., so you can ask alexa to read your kindle books and play audiobooks from audible), and to provide you with a more personalized experience. for example, keeping track of the songs you have listened to helps alexa choose what songs to play when you say, alexa, play music. at times, alexa may make recommendations to you based on your requests. for example, alexa may recommend alexa skills you might like based on the alexa skills you use.
 how do my voice recordings improve alexa? :  alexa is designed to get smarter every day. the more you use alexa, the more the service adapts to your speech patterns, vocabulary, and personal preferences. for example, we use your requests to alexa to train our speech recognition and natural language understanding systems. the more data we use to train these systems, the better alexa works, and training alexa with voice recordings from a diverse range of customers helps ensure alexa works well for everyone. you can also help us improve our voice services by providing feedback within history in the alexa app.
 how do alexa skills work? :  skills are voice-driven alexa capabilities. you can view and enable skills in your alexa app and enable certain skills by voice. you can use a skill by saying a specific phrase, called the invocation name. when you use a skill, we may exchange related information with the developer of that skill, such as your answers when you play a trivia skill, your zip code when you ask for the weather, or the content of your requests. if you make a request to alexa without using a skill invocation name, we may send the content of your request to several skills, and enable and launch the skill we think is best able to respond to your request. the skills portion of your alexa app contains more information about skills, such as applicable policies or terms of use provided by skill developers.
 how does voice purchasing work? :  prime members can ask alexa to order or reorder eligible products available for sale through the amazon website. you can also subscribe to eligible services using alexa, purchase songs or albums from our digital music store, or purchase products and services through alexa skills using your default payment and shipping settings. you can require a speakable confirmation code, turn purchasing off, and see product and order details in your alexa app or at https://alexa.amazon.comfor those orders. just like orders placed through the amazon website, orders placed through alexa are subject to amazon's conditions of use and privacy notice in the case of a subscription for a service, the terms for the applicable service. voice purchasing from amazon is turned off for freetime on alexa. some alexa skills allow you to purchase non-digital products or services from the developer of the skill (for instance, order food through a restaurant's skill) via amazon pay using your default payment and shipping settings. you can view your amazon pay order history and find additional information for those purchases on the amazon pay website. some other alexa skills allow you to purchase products and services from the developer of the skill using a payment method you provide directly to the developer. your voice purchasing settings may not apply to those purchases.
 can i turn off voice purchasing? :  yes, alexa has voice purchasing settings. open settings > voice purchasing in your alexa app to turn off voice purchasing from amazon. you can also require an optional confirmation code that alexa will ask you to say out loud when you want to place an order from amazon.
 what are the return and cancellation policies for products and content i order using alexa? :  for information on return policies applicable to non-digital products purchased on amazon using alexa, see about our returns policies. amazon's return policies do not apply to purchases of non-digital products or services made through third-party alexa skills (for instance, a food order placed through a restaurant's skill). instead, the returns policy of the applicable skill developer applies. however, the amazon pay a-to-z guarantee covers qualified purchases of physical products made through third-party alexa skills using amazon pay. purchases of digital content are final. however, if you accidentally purchase digital content or a subscription to a non-amazon service through alexa, that purchase is eligible for return and refund if we receive your request within 7 days of the date of purchase. to request a refund, please contact customer service. you may cancel the auto-renewal of a subscription to a non-amazon service by visiting the detail page for the applicable alexa skill in your alexa app and adjusting your subscription settings; you will not receive a refund of any fees already paid. for subscriptions to amazon services, see the terms of use for the applicable subscription for information on refund eligibility and cancellation terms.
 how do voice donations work? :  alexa also allows you to donate to eligible charities by voice. when you make a donation, amazon pay will process the donation using your default amazon payment settings and will share your name, address, and email with the charity. your voice purchasing settings apply to donations. if you accidentally make a donation through alexa or donate to the wrong charity, please contact customer service. you can see details of your donation in your alexa app or at https://alexa.amazon.com.
 what is a kid skill and how do i give or revoke permission to use kid skills? :  kid skills are skills that have been identified by the developer as directed to children under age 13. consistent with the children's online privacy protection act, we require permission from a parent before kid skills can be used. you'll be asked to give permission the first time you attempt to use a kid skill. after you've given permission, you will receive a confirmation e-mail. you can review or change permissions by visiting the manage parental consent page on amazon.com or by contacting customer service ( https://www.amazon.com/contact-us). to learn more, please visit our children's privacy disclosure.
 how does alexa work with smart home devices? :  alexa enables you to control and check the status of a variety of smart home devices, such as lights, switches, cameras and thermostats. see compatible smart home devices . you can connect compatible smart home devices to alexa using alexa smart home skills. you can also directly connect certain smart home devices to echo devices with a built-in smart home hub like echo plus. we may automatically update the firmware for certain devices on behalf of the applicable manufacturer. we may receive information about third-party smart home devices you connect to alexa, such as device type, name, features, and status and usage history. you can delete alexas status and usage history for third-party smart home devices through the manage smart home device history tab of the privacy settings in the alexa app or https://www.amazon.com/alexaprivacy . deleting this history may degrade your alexa experience and certain features, such as hunches. this will not delete other information about your smart home devices, such as device type or name.
 how does automatic voice recognition and voice profiles work? :  alexa can automatically recognize the voices of users in your household over time to improve personalization of certain alexa features. you can also create a voice profile, so alexa can call you by name and do more to personalize your experience. when alexa recognizes your voice automatically, or when you create a voice profile, alexa uses recordings of your voice to create an acoustic model of your voice characteristics. alexa stores these acoustic models in the cloud. if a user stops using alexa and their voice is not recognized for three years, we will automatically delete the acoustic model for their voice. you can turn off automatic voice recognition or delete any voice profile you've created in the alexa app. automatic voice recognition is not available in certain locations.
 what is alexa calling and messaging? :  this free feature brings the simplicity of echo's hands-free experience, the benefit of echo's microphone array, plus the high-quality sound of the echo speaker, to calling and messaging. now you can quickly call and send/receive voice messages for your family and friends via alexaall just by using your voice. using your supported echo device, simply say "alexa, call grandma" or "alexa, send a message to julie".
 what devices support alexa calling and messaging? :  you can send and receive alexa messages (and place and receive alexa calls) between a supported echo device and the alexa app on supported mobile phones and tablets. alexa calling and messaging may also be available on some third party alexa-enabled products. features may vary by device.
 how does alexa messaging work? :  you can use supported echo devices and the alexa app to send voice and text messages to another alexa calling and messaging user(e.g., on echo, "alexa, send a message to mum" or, on the alexa app, tapping on the message icon on mum's contact card). messages are processed in the cloud to convert voice messages to text, and vice versa. when you receive a message on a supported echo device, you will hear an audio tone and see a visual notification. you will be able to retrieve the message on your supported echo devices by saying "alexa, play my messages". when you receive a message, you also will receive a notification on your mobile phone or tablet, and you will be able to view and play the message in the alexa app. alexa messaging does not support sending or receiving text messages to or from phone numbers.
 how does alexa calling work? :  you can use supported echo devices and the alexa app to call another alexa calling and messaging user (e.g., on echo, "alexa, call mum" or, on the alexa app, tapping on the calling icon on mum's contact card). when you receive alexa calls on your supported echo devices, alexa will tell you that you have an incoming call and identify the caller. you also will see a rotating green light indicator on echo devices without a screen, and an incoming call screen on echo devices with a screen. you can say "alexa, answer" to pick up the call. either person can end the call by saying "alexa, hang up". when you receive a call, you also will receive a notification on your mobile phone or tablet and will see an incoming call screen in the alexa app that lets you answer the call. alexa calling does not support calling phone numbers or receiving calls from phone numbers. for information on placing calls using echo connect, see the below faq "how does calling on echo connect work?"
 can i text or call emergency services using alexa calling and messaging? :  no, you can't reach emergency services, such as 999 or 112, through alexa calling and messaging. you should ensure that you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile, landline telephone, or other service. for information on calling emergency services using echo connect, see the below faq "can i call emergency services with echo connect?"
 how do i add contacts for alexa calling and messaging? :  when you register for alexa calling and messaging on your alexa app, you will be asked to import your contacts, which will then appear as contacts in your alexa app. when you open the alexa app, your contacts are auto-updated from your tablet or mobile phone. you can also add contacts at alexa.amazon.co.uk
 do i need to give permission for others to call or message me? :  first you must register for alexa calling and messaging. once you are registered, if another alexa calling and messaging user has your contact details, they can reach you via alexa.
 who will receive my calls or messages? :  if you call or message another alexa calling and messaging user (e.g. "jane smith"), the call or message will go to all supported echo devices associated with that contact, as well as that contact's alexa app.
 what is do not disturb mode? :  do not disturb puts your echo device on silent, meaning you will not receive calls or messages via alexa. simply say "alexa, turn on do not disturb" or you can turn it on in settings in the alexa app. when you're ready to receive calls and messages again, just say "alexa, turn off do not disturb".
 how do i remove messages from my conversation list? :  on the ios version of the alexa app, swipe a conversation to the left and click "remove". on the android version of the alexa app, long-press on a conversation to select it, then tap the trash icon in the top navigation bar. note that removing a conversation from your conversation list does not remove it from your contact's conversation list. it is not possible for you to remove sent or received messages from a contact's conversation list.
 how do i de-register from alexa calling and messaging? :  you can call customer service, and we will help you de-register from alexa calling and messaging.
 what is drop in? :  the optional drop in feature will let you easily connect with your closest friends and family on supported echo devices. to give drop in permission to yourself (and your household) or a contact (and that contacts household), select the applicable contact card and turn on drop in. in addition, you can give drop in permission to yourself (and your household) by simply saying alexa, drop in on home. to turn off drop in for your household, you can simply say alexa, disable drop in. alternatively, you can turn on do not disturb on one, or all, echo devices by saying "alexa, turn on do not disturb". you also may disable drop in for a specific device via the device settings in the alexa app.
 when someone drops in on my device, what do they hear and see? :  when someone drops in on your supported echo device, you will hear an audio tone and see a visual indicator that someone is dropping in on you. the contact on the other side of the drop in will automatically hear audio through your device. you may end the drop in by saying "alexa, hang up". on echo devices without a screen, you will see a green in-call light indicator showing that a drop in is in progress. if a contact with the alexa app or an echo device with a screen drops in on your echo device with a screen, they will see a frosted glass view from your device's camera. the frosted glass view will automatically transition to clear video over a short period of time. you will see the contact's video (and a picture-in-picture view of your own video) when the drop in is in progress. you can end a drop in by tapping the end icon on the screen, or you can disable the camera while continuing an audio conversation by saying "alexa, video off" or tapping the video off icon on the screen.
 what is a recently active indicator? :  if household members or contacts have been granted drop in permission, they will see a recently active indicator on their echo show, echo spot or alexa app displaying whether someone is nearby your supported echo devices. interactions with alexa, and motion sensors on echo show, will be used to determine whether your device has been recently active.
 how do i disable drop in? :  if you have granted your household members drop in permission, you can disable it by saying alexa, disable drop in or turning off drop in on your own contact card. if you have granted any other contacts drop in permission, you can disable that on their contact cards. you also may disable drop in for a specific device via the device settings in the alexa app.
 what are announcements? :  the announcements feature lets you easily make announcements to other supported echo devices within your household, like a one-way intercom. simply say, alexa, announce that dinners ready and dinners ready will then be announced in your voice to all supported echo devices in your household. you can block announcements on one, or all, echo devices by turning on do not disturb  simply say "alexa, turn on do not disturb". unlike drop in, announcements are one-way only. to respond to an announcement, you can make a new announcement or start a drop in as a two-way intercom.
 can i link third-party communications services with alexa calling and messaging? :  yes, you can link select third-party communications services with alexa calling and messaging. simply go to communications within settings in the alexa app. amazon may import and save your contacts from your third-party communications service in the cloud to help you connect with your friends and family. some features may not be available via alexa, and charges from the third-party communications service may apply for use of some features. you should check any terms applicable to the third-party communications service (including whether emergency services are available) prior to linking your account with alexa.
 how do i use alexa on fire tv devices? :  to use alexa on a fire tv device, you may use the voice remote or the fire tv remote app, or you may pair your fire tv device with a compatible alexa-enabled device. you can use alexa on fire tv devices to search using your voice. voice search is faster and less frustrating than typing on a traditional alphabet grid. to use voice search, press and hold the microphone button on your voice remote or fire tv remote app, and say the movie, tv title, actor, genre, or director that you want. if youre using the voice remote, release the microphone button when you're done speaking.
 how do i know when my fire tv device is streaming my voice to the cloud? :  when you press the microphone button on the alexa voice remote, a blue light bar appears on the fire tv interface to indicate that the device is streaming audio to the cloud.
 how do i activate alexa hands-free on my fire tablet? :  you can turn on alexa hands-free in your device settings (settings > alexa) by ensuring that both alexa and hands-free mode settings are enabled. to enter show mode, swipe down from the quick actions menu and toggle show mode, or ask alexa to switch to show mode.
 how does alexa hands-free on my fire tablet recognise the wake word? :  alexa on your fire tablet uses on-device keyword spotting to detect the wake word, even when your device is in standby mode (fire 7 and fire hd 8 (7th generation) tablets may not detect the wake word when the screen is off, if the tablet is not connected to power). when the wake word is detected, alexa on your fire tablet streams audio to the cloud, including a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word.
 how do i know when alexa on my fire tablet is streaming my voice to the cloud? :  when alexa on your fire tablet detects the wake word, or when you press and hold the home button to access alexa, a blue line appears at the bottom of your screen to indicate that alexa is streaming audio to the cloud. when you use the wake word, the audio stream includes a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word, and closes once your question or request has been processed. you will also hear a short audible tone that plays after the wake word is recognised, to indicate that the device is streaming audio, and at the end of your request, to indicate that the connection has closed and the device is no longer streaming audio.
 how does alexa hands-free on my fire tablet work when i lock my tablet with a passcode? :  when alexa hands-free is activated and your tablet is passcode-locked, you can access certain alexa features using the wake word. you'll be required to enter your passcode to access other alexa features. if you prefer to no longer be asked to enter your passcode to access alexa features, you can designate a wi-fi network as a trusted network in device settings (settings > alexa > trusted networks) and connect your fire tablet to a trusted network. as a security precaution, if your tablet is passcode-locked, you may be prompted to enter your passcode to exit show modeeven if you're connected to a trusted network.
 how does alexa know to turn on the screen when my fire tablet is in show mode? :  when in show mode, your tablet will turn on the screen when it detects the wake word or motion in view of the camera or when you interact with the devices' display or buttons.
 how do i know when alexa on my fire tablet is streaming images or video to the cloud? :  there will be an on-screen indicator whenever alexa is streaming images or video to the cloud. for instance, if a video call is active, the device's screen will display a picture-in-picture view of the video being streamed to the cloud.
 how can i turn off alexa hands-free? :  you can turn off alexa hands-free in a few different ways: by swiping down from the quick actions menu and selecting the alexa microphone/camera on/off icon (in show mode) or the alexa hands-free icon (outside show mode), by simultaneously pressing and holding the devices volume up and down buttons for three seconds, or through your device settings (settings > alexa > hands-free mode). when in show mode, a red bar and icon will appear to let you know that alexa hands-free on your fire tablet is turned off; outside of show mode, an icon will appear in your status bar. your fire tablet will not respond to the wake word  or, in show mode, detect motion in view of the camera - until you turn alexa hands-free back on. if you turn off alexa hands-free, you will still be able to access alexa when your tablet is not in show mode by pressing and holding the home button.
 how do echo devices recognise the wake word? :  echo devices are designed to detect only your chosen wake word (alexa, amazon, computer or echo). the device detects the wake word by identifying acoustic patterns that match the wake word. once the word is detected, audio begins streaming to the cloud, including a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word. no audio is stored or sent to the cloud unless the device detects the wake word (or alexa is activated by pressing a button).
 how do i know when echo devices are streaming audio to the cloud? :  when echo devices detect the wake word, or when the action button available on some echo devices is pressed to activate alexa, a visual indicator appears on the device to indicate that the device is streaming audio to the cloud. for instance, a light ring on the amazon echo will turn blue or a blue bar will appear on echo show. when you use the wake word, the audio stream includes a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word, and closes once your question or request has been processed. you can turn on follow-up mode to enable alexa to respond to a series of requests without repeating the wake word. learn more. you can also configure echo devices to play a short audible tone any time audio is sent to the cloud within settings in the alexa app.
 can i turn off the microphones on echo devices? :  yes. echo devices are equipped with a microphone off button. when the button is pressed, the power to the microphones is disconnected and a dedicated red light is illuminated. when the microphones are turned off, your device cannot record and stream audio to the cloud.
 how do echo devices with a screen know to turn on the screen? :  echo devices with a screen will turn on the screen when they detect the wake word or motion in view of the camera or when you interact with the device's display or buttons.
 how do i know when echo devices with a camera are streaming images or video to the cloud? :  there will be an on-screen indicator whenever echo devices with a camera are streaming images or video to the cloud. for instance, if a video call is active, the devices screen will display a picture-in-picture view of the video being streamed to the cloud or will display a green "call in progress" bar at the bottom of the screen.
 can i turn off the camera on echo devices with a camera? :  yes. you can turn off the camera on echo devices with a camera by pushing the microphone/camera off button on your device. when the microphone/camera off button is pressed, the power to the camera and the microphones is disconnected and a dedicated red light is illuminated. when the camera is turned off, the power to the camera and the microphones is disconnected and a dedicated red light is illuminated. when the camera is turned off, the device will not detect motion in view of the camera and you will not be able to use any features that rely on the camera such as video calling.
 what do i need in order to use echo connect? :  you need a home phone service (such as a landline or voip service), wi-fi, and a supported echo device (echo, echo dot, echo spot, echo plus, and echo show). one echo connect can support only one phone line, and only one echo connect can be registered per amazon account.
 how does calling on echo connect work? :  echo connect extends and is not a replacement for your traditional telephone service. plug echo connect into your home phone jack or voip adapter. you will also need to setup your supported echo device. then visit alexa.amazon.co.uk, or register for alexa calling and messaging in the alexa app in order to complete set up of your echo connect. with echo connect, you can ask alexa to make calls using your home phone service to your contacts or to other numbers supported by your home phone service provider (e.g. "alexa, call mom" or "alexa, call 03069990978). echo connect will display your home phone number as caller id, unless you disable caller id with your home phone service provider. you can also use your supported echo devices to answer incoming calls to your home phone service (e.g. "alexa, answer the phone"). as echo connect uses your existing home phone service to make and receive calls, home phone service provider charges may apply. some calling features you may use on your home phone (such as call waiting and three-way calling) are not available through echo connect.
 what's the difference between alexa calling and echo connect? :  echo connect will use your home phone service to make and receive your calls. the mobile number used to register for alexa calling and messaging will be displayed as a caller id for calls made using alexa calling. you can disable the caller id feature through your contact card in the alexa app. alexa calling uses your echo device's internet connection to place calls to another person who has registered for alexa calling and messaging. for more information on alexa calling, see the above alexa calling and messaging faqs. if you select echo connect, your home phone service will be used to place all calls and your home phone number will be displayed as caller id.
 i have an echo connect but also use alexa calling. how will my call to an alexa contact be processed? :  if you want to call another alexa calling and messaging user, there are a few different ways your call may be processed. if you specify just the name of the person you would like to call (e.g. "alexa, call mum"), alexa will default to placing the call through alexa calling to mom's supported echo devices or the alexa app. if you specify the name of the person and their phone type (e.g. "alexa, call mum's mobile") alexa will place the call to mom's mobile using your home phone service through your echo connect. for more information, see the above faq "what's the difference between alexa calling and echo connect."
 can i call emergency services with echo connect? :  yes, calling emergency services as 999 or 112 through echo connect works just like dialling any other phone number. simply say, "alexa, call 999. please note that if echo connect is used to call emergency numbers like 999, the location information given to the emergency service, if any, may be the address associated with the phone line connected to your echo connect, which may not be the same as the location of your echo device from which you are making the call. echo connect will not function in the event of a power or broadband outage or other connectivity issues. if you are unable to place your call through your echo connect, you should use your mobile, landline telephone, or other telephone service.
what devices does bixby support? : currently, bixby is compatible with the galaxy s8 / s8, galaxy s9 / s9+, and the galaxy note8 but we plan to support more models in the future.
can i customize bixby's name? : bixby's name is not able to be changed.
does bixby support incognito mode? : users must login with using a samsung account in order to use bixby voice, thus it does not support incognito mode.
do i need wi-fi or mobile data to use bixby? : yes, to use bixby, you must be connected to a mobile data or wi-fi network.
can i change the language of bixby? : the bixby voice open trivia feature allow users to ask general questions about an entity (i.e. a person, place or thing). bixby voice will provide news articles (text), videos, webpages, etc. to answer users' questions.
what is open trivia? : yes, you can select another language from bixby home > settings > language and speaking style.
can i change the speaking style of bixby voice? : no, currently we are supporting one bixby voice option.
which functionalities are supported by bixby voice? : in addition, you can also ask bixby voice questions, like "what is the weather like outside" or "what movies are playing nearby."you can find the supported apps list and sample commands on  apps with voice and bixby labs.
how do i see my last conversations with bixby? : you can find your last conversation on my bixby. my bixby keeps track of all your conversations and helps you improve on them with phrases you can suggest to improve your bixby experience.
how do i know when bixby is listening? : you can create a reminder with specific tasks in text or checklist format, calls and text messages that you want to make later, and media contents that you want to revisit later such as photos (up to 8 photos in one reminder), videos, and web contents.
can i set a reminder every time my bixby home card is updated? : bixby home suggests contextually relevant cards based on your usage pattern, but it does not send you separate alerts or notifications.
how can i reset my bixby? : feel like youre talking to a wall? if bixby is not responding to your voice, get the problem solved and start communicating again. from the home screen, navigate to apps, and then touch settings. touch apps, and then swipe to and touch bixbyvoice. touch storage > clear data, and then touch clear cache. bixby will be refreshed and ready to chat again.
is my personal data safe with bixby? : bixby stores users personal data in accordance with stringent security procedures. users may choose to delete data that bixby saves from bixbys settings at any time. bixby only collects data necessary to improve or personalize your experience, and ensures that your personal information is never transmitted.
what is bixby home, and how does it cater to users individual needs? : reminder lets users do much more than simply log an appointment or create an alarm. the function utilizes bixbys voice support and contextual awareness to allow users to set smart reminders for specified times, places or circumstances. reminder is also integrated into other apps. you can use reminder to save webpage urls in the samsung internet app, as well as messages that youd like to get back to later in the messages app. you can also pin reminders to your devices always on display to make them visible at all times, and access your collected reminders via your devices edge panel.
what languages can bixby vision translate? : bixby visions advanced ocr (object character recognition) technology allows it to scan and recognize a total of 40 languages. these languages can then be interpreted into 104 different dialects via googles powerful translation database.
who are some of bixby visions current retail partners? : weve forged partnerships with popular online shopping platforms in each region to allow consumers to enjoy a much more convenient shopping experience with bixby. these partners include amazon in north america, japan and several major markets across europe, as well as taobao in china and samsung pay shopping in korea.
does bixby get smarter the more i use it? : yes, it does. thanks to bixbys iterative deep learning technology, the more you use the interface, the smarter it gets.for example, whenever youre not satisfied with its response, bixby will work with you to learn how to better serve your needs. each time bixby responds to a command, it presents you with the option to teach me  to select a more appropriate response from a list of similar commands. the next time you make that request, bixby will remember exactly what you wanted it to do
what can i do to make sure that bixby voice hears me clearly? : bixby is optimized to detect voice commands when users are 15 to 20 centimeters (5.9 to 7.9 inches) away from their device. if youre too close or too far, it can affect the voice recognition technologys accuracy. for best results, speak clearly and at a volume comparable to normal conversation levels.
do i need to be in a quiet area in order for bixby voice to hear me? : bixby works best in environments where your voice may be clearly heard. that being said, bixbys deep learning technology allows the interface to distinguish your voice commands from ambient noise, even when youre listening to music, by carefully analyzing sound frequencies. when in particularly loud environments, you can activate bixby voice using your earphones play/pause button and microphone.
what languages and dialects does bixby understand? : bixby voice is currently available in korea and the u.s. and supports commands in korean and u.s. english. users in the u.s. and korea can switch between korean and english by adjusting bixbys language settings. bixbys understanding of natural language is what allows it to learn dialects. weve taught bixby various dialects distinct intonations, vocabulary and grammatical structures, and were currently working on providing support for more.
what are quick commands in my bixby? : bixbys quick commands allow you to issue multi-step, complicated requests with convenient keywords. with quick commands, users can replace a long request, such as track my run using the samsung health app, with a short, simple command, such as run. these shortcuts allow you to interact more seamlessly with your phone. quick commands may be accessed under bixby homes my bixby menu.
will using bixby eat up my mobile data, and is it possible to use it overseas? : bixby only utilizes your mobile data when listening to a command, not before or after. as a result, the length of the command ultimately determines the amount of mobile data used. if bixby voice is activated and youre using a licensed sim card, its possible to use the interface even when youre overseas. actual range of use may vary depending on the apps youre using.
what is bixby vision, and how does it work? : bixby vision was designed to provide you with a deeper understanding of what youre looking at, allowing you to use your camera to easily scan and search for relevant information on the objects and places around you. bixby vision offers information on everything from purchasing options for a particular product to details on your current location and even the bottle of wine youre enjoying. it is also capable of scanning business cards and performing convenient translations. after scanning an object, users can use bixby visions image search function to locate it online. once bixby has identified the object, it will automatically pull up related images on pinterest. bixby vision works best in bright environments, and when you hold your camera steady. the screen should not be upside down, and if the object in focus is a product, it should be captured from the front to aid identification.
how much does bixby cost? : the bixby platform is free for residents and property managers to download and use. there are no monthly fees and no hidden costs. the only cost to residents is a small transaction fee imposed by our payments partner, stripe. these fees differ depending on how you pay. ach payments (electronic payments directly from your bank account) incur a fee of .8% of the total transaction  up to a maximum of $5. credit and debit card transactions incur a fee of 2.9% of the transaction total plus a flat $.30, paid by the resident.
where is bixby available? : currently, bixby is only available in new york city, but we are growing fast. stay tuned!
how does bixby make money? : bixby is free for residents and building managers. but we still have to make money. we do this in two ways: rent & payment fees: we collect a small fee ($.50 per transaction) from property managers.  resident services: we also collect a small commission from our service partners each time you book a service through the bixby app.
how do i make bixby understand me? : help bixby help you by providing feedback on how it responds to your commands. when you say a command and bixby responds, youll see a drop-down arrow at the top of the screen. touch it and swipe down, and youll see what bixby heard and the choice it made. if bixby heard you incorrectly, touch the phrase under what i heard, enter the correct phrase using the on-screen keyboard, and touch next. bixby will respond to the correct command. you can also edit bixbys response by touching a service under choices i made, and then selecting the correct service.
how to adjust bixby voice volume? : you can raise or lower bixby voice's volume at any time. just press the bixby key to open bixby assistant home, and then press the volume up/down keys to adjust the volume. note: you can also swipe down to see more volume controls.
change the language and voice style? : youve been using the default new bixby voice for a while now, and you are curious how the other voices sound. press the bixby key to open new bixby assistant home. touch more options in the top right-hand corner and then touch settings. next, touch language and voice style. to change new bixbys voice style, select your desired voice option under voice style. to change new bixbys language, touch language and choose your desired language.
how to set the new bixby wake-up command.? : theres no need to fumble with the bixby key when you want something done  just call bixby with your voice. to set up voice wake-up, open bixby assistant home by pressing the bixby key. touch more options > settings. touch voice wake-up, and then touch the slider next to wake with hi, bixby. from there, follow the on-screen prompts. note: when you set up bixby voice for the first time, you will be prompted to set up voice wake-up.
can i play music and use bixby at the same time? : you love how bixby responds to your voice, but what if you have music playing, or your alarm is going off? thats no problem. you can use voice wake-up when your phone speaker is playing media, control the wake-up sensitivity, and more.
under what conditions can bixby voice be limited or unavailable? : during media (video/game/voice) recording, during a call (including outgoing call), while docked on the dex station, maximum power saving mode, emergency mode, kids mode and mirror link.
what is new about bixby? : new bixby is an intelligent, versatile, and zippy digital assistant that learns and adapts to you. and with the recent upgrade, its even better than before.
how does the interactive text in bixby work? : press the bixby key to open bixby assistant home and then touch the keyboard icon in the lower left-hand corner. use the keyboard to type a command to new bixby and then touch the send icon. new bixby will read your command and complete it right away.
how different is the new bixby from the old one? : the newly updated bixby boasts a faster response time and will adapt to your routines. bixby will remember commands or information youve previously mentioned and apply it to future situations.
is there any other way to use bixby other than speaking? : yes, the is another way. maybe you prefer writing over speaking aloud. no sweat, new bixby loves to read. you can type commands to new bixby and it will understand.
how do you link bixby and spotify together? : first, make sure you have spotify downloaded from the play store. press the bixby key to open bixby assistant home, and then swipe left. touch spotify, and then touch connect account. log in or sign up for a spotify account. your spotify account is now linked with bixby. you're ready to try out some voice commands.
what is bixby labs about? : bixby labs is where bixby experiments with new apps beyond default bixby compatible apps. these experiments might not always work out just right, but bixby always learns something new.
what is bixby on my samsung phone? : bixby is a virtual assistant developed by samsung electronics. ... bixby can also be sideloaded on older galaxy devices running android nougat. bixby represents a major reboot for s voice, samsung's voice assistant app introduced in 2012 withthe galaxy s iii.
how do i get rid of bixby? : the last step is getting rid of the bixby home side screen. tap and hold on an empty section of your home screen, and then swipe right to reach the leftmost panel, which is bixby home. to get rid of it, toggle the button up top to the off position.
how do i set up bixby voice? : press and hold the bixby button on the side of the device while speaking commands. ...from bixby voice popup, review the prompt then tap full screen as needed. from bixby voice screen, review or search available commands then tap the bixby icon to begin listening.
is bixby like siri? : siri and google assistant can open the camera for you but they cannot switch to the front-facing camera, nor can they snap a photo for you. but bixby being able to do several tasks better than siri also google assistant is something i didnt expect.
what does bixby app do? : bixby is a virtual assistant developed by samsung electronics. bixby represents a reboot for samsungs voice assistant app introduced in 2012 with the galaxy s iii
how to setup bixby voice : to set up bixby voice for the first time, press the bixby key, and then touch next. review the terms, select i have read and agree to all of the above, and then touch next. follow the on-screen instructions to teach bixby your voice and set up voice wake-up. when youre finished, touch the check mark. now, bixby will listen to your commands! you can also explore bixby assistant home and see what bixby can do
how to use bixby home : to access bixby home, swipe right from the home screen, and then touch start. if needed, sign into your samsung account. next, review the information and then touch i have read and agree to all of the above. then, touch next.
what does samsung bixby do? : bixby edits photos, sends messages, and composes emails on command. anything you do on your hone via touch, you should be able to do by voice with bixby.
how different is bixby from the other digital assistances? : bixby will be a new intelligent interface on our devices. fundamentally different from other voice agents or assistants in the market, bixby offers a deeper experience thanks to proficiency in these three properties: completeness, context awareness, and cognitive tolerance
what are the four main features new bixby offers? : bixby offers four main features: voice, vision, reminder and home.
 what is google home mini? :  google home mini is tiny smart speaker powered by the google assistant that can be used to play your favorite music, create your calender entries, set alarm, get updates on weather, traffic etc.
 how to setup google home mini? :  please check out this link to set up your google home mini with step by step instructions.
 does a google home mini purchase in the u.s. work in india? :  yes. it does work in india. but, there are few country-specific features which will not work in india such as voice calling etc.
 how to update home mini firmware? :  in google home mini, firmware updates are automatic. your home mini will be updated to the latest firmware automatically. no manual actions needed.
 how to check the home mini firmware version? :  open the google home app click on the devices icon in the top right of the home screen on your device listing, tap on the menu icon and select settings scroll down to bottom and check for cast firmware version the version mentioned in front of the cast firmware version is the current firmware of your home mini. check out this link to find the latest firmware available for google home devices.
 my home mini is running on the old firmware. how can i update it to the latest version? :  if your home mini is purchased in the u.s. or other countries and if you are using it in india, home mini will not be updated to the latest available firmware. you need to change your smartphones language (system language) to english u.s. from english india. to force the firmware update, go to your smartphones settings, select system -> language and input, tap on languages -> change the language to english u.s., once you change the language to english u.s., restart the home mini and force stop the google home app or restart your phone. now, the homi mini will receive the latest firmware update automatically. please make a note that, settings for changing system language is slightly different for different android versions. so find similar options on your smartphone.
 can i make voice calls using home mini in india? :  no. you will not be able to make calls using the home mini. this features currently available only in very few countries such as u.s., u.k. etc
 can i use home mini without a smartphone? :  no. google home app is needed to set up your home mini. once youre done with the setup, you can use the home mini without the help of a smartphone. but, still, if you would like to change the mini settings such as pairing your bluetooth speaker, switching to night mode etc. has to be done using the home app. so always keep the google home app on your smartphone.
 can i play the music stored in my phones internal storage on home mini? :  yes. you can play the locally stored music through home mini. to do so, turn on your phones bluetooth, open google home app on your smartphone, tap on the devices icon from the top left of the home screen, on your device listing, tap on the menu icon and select settings, scroll down and select paired bluetooth devices, tap on enable pairing mode, now, open your phones bluetooth settings, select your home mini and tap on pair, thats it. now, youll see the status as connected, now, if you play any media on your smartphone, it will be outputted through the home mini
 how to change home minis volume using my phone? :  play some music on home mini, open google home app on your smartphone, tap on the devices icon on the top left of the home screen, tap on the thumbnail of the song or select your home mini, now using the media control page, you can play, pause, or change volume levels
 how can i link my netflix account to google home mini? :  open the google home app, click on the devices icon from the top right of the home screen, on your device listing, tap on the menu icon and select settings, select more, scroll down and select video and photos, tap on link just below the netflix listing, sign into your netflix account by following the on-screen instructions
 how to connect home mini to bluetooth speakers? :  turn on your bluetooth speaker and set it to pairing mode, open the google home app on your smartphone, tap on the devices icon at the top right of the home screen, tap on the menu and select settings, select the option default music speaker, tap on the pair bluetooth speaker. it will start scanning the nearby bluetooth speakers, select your bluetooth speaker (altec orbit is the name of my bluetooth speaker), tap on done. now the music will be outputted from your bluetooth speaker, if you would like to switch the music output to your home mini, in the default music speaker, select your google home mini as the default speaker and select done
 how does gmail in g suite differ from free gmail? :  g suites gmail features include: custom business email @yourcompany, unlimited group email addresses, 99.9% guaranteed uptime, twice the storage of free gmail, zero ads, 24/7 phone and email support, g suite sync for microsoft outlook, and more.l in g suite differ from free gmail?
 can a user have multiple email addresses? :  yes. a user can have multiple email addresses by creating email aliases such as support@yourcompany. you can add up to 30 email aliases for each user.
 can i migrate my existing email to g suite? :  yes. migration tools are available for importing your old emails from legacy environments such as lotus notes and microsoft.
 how does google keep my information secure and prevent unauthorized access to my data? :  g suite has been built from the ground up to mitigate the unique threats for cloud systems. googles standards for performance and reliability apply to businesses, schools and government institutions around the world.the technology, scale, and agility of our infrastructure bring unique security benefits to our customers. our vast network of data centers are built with custom-designed servers, that run our own operating system for security and performance. because google controls its entire hardware stack, we are able to quickly respond to threats that may emerge.google employs dedicated security professionals to work on protecting your data, including some of the worlds foremost experts in computer security. just like all teams at google, this team is constantly innovating and making the future more secure, not just for googles billion users, but for business organizations as well.google has an outstanding track record of protecting user data. we protect this data from outside intrusions as well as insider threats. in addition, we tightly restrict and monitor any internal access to user data. the small set of employees with access is subject to rigorous authentication measures, detailed logging, and activity scanning to detect inappropriate access via log analysis. it is this unique combination of people, technology and agility that ensure your data is secure at google. for more information, check out the g suite security whitepaper.
 does g suite meet my compliance requirements? :  google designed g suite with very stringent privacy and security standards based on industry best practices. this helps our customers address their compliance and regulatory requirements. google offers strong contractual commitments regarding data ownership, data use, security, transparency, and accountability. google undergoes several independent third-party audits on a regular basis. these independent auditors examine the controls present in our data centers, infrastructure, and operations. examples of these audits and standards include:soc1, (ssae-16/isae-3402), soc2, soc3, iso27001, iso 27018:2014 and fedramp. learn more about our certifications at security and trust. many g suite services are also compliant with hipaa (u.s. health insurance portability and accountability act). g suite for education can be used in compliance with laws and regulations important to schools.
 is g suite hipaa compliant? :  g suite supports customers compliance with the u.s. health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa), which governs the safeguarding, use, and disclosure of protected health information (phi). customers who are subject to hipaa and wish to use g suite for phi processing or storage can sign a business associate amendment with google. view more details about hipaa compliance with g suite.
 how does google respond to government requests for data? :  respect for the privacy and security of data you store with google underpins our approach to producing data in response to legal requests. when we receive such a request, our team reviews the request to make sure it satisfies legal requirements and google's policies. generally speaking, for google to produce any data, the request must be made in writing, signed by an authorized official of the requesting agency and issued under an appropriate law. if we believe a request is overly broad, we'll seek to narrow it. for more information, visit googles transparency report.
 does google encrypt my data? :  core customer data that is uploaded or created in g suite services is encrypted at rest, as described in this help centre article. this encryption happens as it is written to disk, without the customer having to take any action. google encrypts data with distinct encryption keys, even if they belong to the same customer. data is encrypted using 128-bit or stronger advanced encryption standard (aes). google encrypts core g suite data while it is in transit as well, whether it is traveling over the internet between the customer and google or moving within google as it shifts from one data center to another. we encrypt this data between google and our customers using https with forward secrecy.
 do i need to use third-party tools to keep my data secure within google? :  google offers the security features required for most customers directly in g suite. g suites business and enterprise editions offer some additional security features, such as advanced google drive auditing and security keys management at scale. in all plans, g suite administrators have control over system configuration and applications from within a single dashboard via our admin console regardless of the size of the organization. administrators can access advanced tools immediately, including authentication features like 2-step verification and single sign-on, or email security policies like secure transport (tls) enforcement, irm, and dlp which can be configured in a few clicks. for customers with security needs beyond what is included in g suite, we created a partner marketplace that extends our capabilities.
 my organization is subject to eu data protection requirements. can i use g suite? :  yes. google has a broad customer base in europe. google provides capabilities and contractual commitments for our customers designed specifically to help address eu data protection requirements and the guidance provided by the article 29 working party. g suite offers eu model contract clauses and a data processing amendment. additionally, g suite has been assessed as appropriate for use with the uk government's cloud security principles "official (including official- sensitive)."
 can i move my old email, calendar events, and contacts to g suite? :  yes, you can bring your existing email, contacts, and calendar data with you to g suite. you can migrate the data for yourself and your team members, or you can let your team migrate their own data. g suite includes tools to migrate data from microsoft exchange or microsoft office 365, ibm notes, and other email systems.
 will i experience email downtime during the transition? :  no, youll continue to send/receive email as usual. to use gmail with g suite, you setup your domain (mx records) to direct your mail flow to the google mail servers. its like registering your new address with the post office so that mail is delivered to your new location. once the mx records change takes effect (up to 72 hours), you can start receiving/sending email through your g suite account. until then, youll receive/send your email through your old mail system.
 will this transition affect my current website? can you host my website? :  no, this transition will not affect your current website. setting up g suite does not require any changes to your current web host provider. while g suite is not a web hosting provider, you can learn more about google web hosting solutions through google cloud platform.
 can i use my own domain with g suite? if i dont have an existing domain, what should i do? :  to use g suite, you need a domain. your domain name is what appears after the www. in your website url. if you already have a domain, enter it when you sign up for g suite. (youll be asked to verify that you own the domain.) if you dont have a domain or want to use a different one with g suite, you can purchase a domain of your choice (if available) from google.
 can someone set up g suite for my company? :  yes, you can work with a g suite partner. these experienced it-service companies can help you evaluate, customize, deploy, and transition to g suite. they can also provide training, data management, and ongoing support. if you have questions about setting up g suite, you can also contact g suite support. the support team is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. visit the setup site for information on setup, communication templates, and resources for deployment and change management.
 can i manage mobile devices with g suite? :  yes, you can manage your organizations mobile devices, without the need for an on-premise device management server, using the google admin console. mobile device management (mdm) allows you to enforce device policies over mobile devices in your organization and perform actions like remotely wiping your users mobile devices.
 can i manage multiple domains with g suite? :  if your organization acquires a new domain name or does business at multiple domains, you can add all your domains to your account at no extra cost. users can then have identities at one or more of your domains while sharing services as part of a single organization. and you can manage your domains from the same admin console. add a domain as either a separate domain or domain alias, depending on how you plan to use it.
 can i grant administrative privileges to other users? :  yes. no matter the size of your organization, we recommend that you distribute the responsibility of managing your users and services among a select set of trusted users. you can grant a user administrative privileges by assigning them one of the available administrator roles. assigning a role grants the user access to your admin console. you can make a user a super administrator who can perform all tasks in the admin console. you can also assign an administrator a role that limits which tasks the administrator can perform. for example, allowing them only to create groups, manage service settings, or reset a user's password.
 can i control users access to certain features or services? :  initially, most services are turned on for all of your users. you can use the admin console to turn off services you don't want people to use, or to customize how services work. you have the option to enable the same settings for everyone or apply unique policies to different users. for example, you might turn on hangouts just for your support team or allow only the marketing department to share public google sites.
 what is the difference between g suite and googles free apps? :  with g suite, you'll receive a number of additional business-grade services not included with googles free consumer apps. these services include: custom business email @yourcompany, twice the amount of cloud storage across gmail and drive, 24/7 phone and email support, 99.9% guaranteed uptime on business email, interoperability with microsoft outlook, additional security options like two-step authentication and sso, and administrative controls for user accounts.
 can i purchase individual g suite apps? :  no. when you sign up for g suite, youll gain access to a set of integrated apps that work together seamlessly. for instance, you can receive a message in gmail and instantly convert it into a calendarevent. when you make a comment in docs, sheets, or slides, collaborators automatically receive email alerts. with a single click, you can launch a hangouts video meeting from your inbox or calendar. using these tools together improves productivity and gives your business the most value. however, you are welcome to purchase the suite and only use the services of your choice.
 can i replace my current software with g suite? :  weve found that many of our customers are able to eliminate their existing productivity suites and rely exclusively on g suite to create different kinds of files, including text documents, spreadsheets, and presentations. you can work on those files in real time with other people and store them in the cloud with google drive. g suites apps work across devices. unlike traditional desktop applications, there is no software to install. g suite is also compatible with files made in other programs, such as microsoft office.
 what are the differences between g suites editions? :  g suite has three editions: basic, business, and enterprise. basic has 30gb of storage per user, business offers unlimited storage and archiving, and enterprise includes additional advanced controls and customization. you can compare g suites editions for more information.
 does g suite have a free trial? :  yes, we offer 14 days of g suite service to new customers. sign up for the free trial in minutes and create accounts for up to 10 people on your team. well need to get your billing details to get your account set up, but you will only be charged after the free trial is over. you can cancel anytime. to get the most from your trial, we recommend trying at least 3 tasks you want to explore, such as collaborating on docs, launching a video meeting in hangouts meet, or checking gmail from your mobile device.
 how do i purchase g suite? :  you can sign up for g suite online or contact our sales team to get started. when you sign up online, youll automatically start with a free 14-day trial. well need to get your billing details to get your account set up, but you will only be charged after the free trial is over. you can cancel anytime. please note the trial is limited to 10 users. if you add more than 10 users during your trial period, the trial will end, and you will begin payment.
 how do i cancel my trial if i decide not to purchase g suite? :  you can cancel your subscription at any time in the admin console dashboard, under the billing section. if you cancel within your 14-day trial period, you will not be charged. please refer to this help center article for more information.
 what is the cost to setup and migrate to g suite? :  following our setup guide, you can set up g suite and migrate your information at no additional cost. our support team is available to help if needed. if you would like someone to do the setup and migration for your company, please contact a google partner to learn more about these services and the costs associated.
 what forms of payment does google accept? :  you can pay for your g suite subscription using an international credit card. google accepts payments from visa, mastercard, and american express. in some locations, you can also pay by making withdrawals from a bank account (also called direct debit).
 can i pay for a full year of g suite up front rather than monthly? :  annual plans are offered only in some countries. visit our pricing page to see if an annual plan is offered in your country.
 what constitutes a user in terms of pricing? :  a user is defined as one personalized email address (name@yourcompany). a user can have multiple email addresses by creating email aliases. group email aliases (such as support@yourcompany) don't count as users. you can add up to 30 email aliases for each user.
 if i plan to create email aliases for groups, does that alias count as a user i have to pay for? how many aliases can each user manage? :  no. each user can have multiple email addresses by creating email aliases. you can add up to 30 email aliases per user.
 is a domain included as a part of g suite? :  no, the cost of a domain is separate from g suite. during signup, you will specify the domain you want for your business email. if you dont yet own the domain, you can purchase it from google for an additional fee.
 does google accept multiple currencies? :  yes. when you first set up your billing, you will choose a country where you do business and which currency you would like to use to pay. your country determines what payment methods you can use. choose your country and currency carefully, as you can't change these selections later.
 does docs work offline? :  yes. this feature is available within a chrome browser. if you haven't already, give chrome a tryit's free and easy to install.
 can i share docs files externally? :  yes. you can change each document's settings to grant anyone you choose editor, viewer or commenter access.
 can i convert my existing documents into docs? :  yes. you can convert many different file types into docs format. the original file will remain intact.
was abraham lincoln the sixteenth president of the united states? : yes
did lincoln sign the national banking act of 1863? : yes
did his mother die of pneumonia? : no
how many long was lincoln's formal education? :  months
when did lincoln begin his political career? : 
what did the legal tender act of 1862 establish? : the united states note, the first paper currency in united states history
who suggested lincoln grow a beard? : -year-old grace bedell
when did the gettysburg address argue that america was born? : 
did lincoln beat john c. breckinridge in the 1860 election? : yes
was abraham lincoln the first president of the united states? : no
did lincoln start his political career in 1832? : yes
did lincoln ever represent alton & sangamon railroad? : yes
which county was lincoln born in? : hardin county
when did lincoln first serve as president? : march 4, 1861
who assassinated lincoln? : john wilkes booth
did lincoln win the election of 1860? : yes
who was the general in charge at the battle of antietam? : general mcclellan
why did lincoln issue the emancipation proclamation? : to free slaves
do scholars rank lincoln among the top three presidents? : yes
did lincoln have 18 months of schooling? : yes
was lincoln chosen as a presidential candidate in 1860? : yes
how old was lincoln in 1816? : seven
when was the first photgraph of lincoln taken? : 
how long was lincoln's legal career? :  years
did lincoln's wife's family support slavery? : yes
volta became professor of physics in the como high school in what year? : 
is it true that volta became professor of physics? : yes
is it true that volta entered retirement in spain? : no
when did he become professor? : 
what did alessandro volta invent in 1800? : voltaic pile
is volta buried in the city of como? : yes
was volta an italian physicist? : yes
is volta buried in the city of pittsburgh? : no
did volta have a passion for the study of electricity? : yes
what is the battery made by volta credited to be? : the first cell
what important electrical unit was named in honor of volta? : volt
where did volta enter retirement? : spain
was lombardy under napoleon's rule in 1800? : yes
was the italian 10.000 lira banknote created before the euro? : yes
what was alessandro volta`s profession? : physisist
is the electrolyte sulphuric acid? : yes
is volta buried in the city  of como? : yes
was his 1800  paper written in french? : yes
before 1796, was lombardy ruled by austria? : yes
did he receive the society`s 1794 copley medal? : yes
did he experiment with individual cells? : yes
when did lombardy come under napoleon`s rule? : from 1796 to 1815
where did he publish his invention of the voltaic pile battery? : the philosophical transactions of the royal society
did he become professor of experimental physics at the university of pavia? : yes
is it true that volta's passion was always the study of electricity? : yes
volta's passion been always the study of what? : electricity
is it true that volta married the daughter of count ludovico peregrini? : yes
is it true that he published his invention of the voltaic pile battery? : yes
who is most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight? : amedeo avogadro
who graduated in ecclesiastical law at the early age of 20 and began to practice? : amedeo avogadro
when did he publish another memoria? : 
when did he become a professor? : 
is it true that he became a professor in 1820? : yes
was lorenzo romano amedeo carlo avogadro an italian savant? : yes
was amedeo avogadro born in turin august 9th 1776 to a noble ancient family of piedmont, italy? : yes
is he most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight? : yes
was king victor emmanuel iii there to pay homage to avogadro ? : yes
is avogadro 's number commonly used to compute the results of chemical reactions ? : yes
did the scientific community not reserve great attention to his theory ? : yes
can the title of this famous 1811 paper be roughly translated into english? : yes
what happened in 1833? : avogadro had been recalled to turin university
was amedeo avogadro italian? : yes
did amedeo avogadro graduate? : yes
did avogadro live in england? : no
where was avogadro a professor of physics? : university of turin
how many children did avogadro have? : six
what is avogadro most noted for? : contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight
what is avogadro's number? : 02214199x10 23
what subject did avogadro study first? : ecclesiastical law
what was amedeo avogadro`s birthplace? : turin
what was amedeo avogadro`s profession? : professor of physics
what is amedeo avogadro`s first name? : amedeo
what is amedeo avogadro`s last name? : avogadro
was amedeo avogadro born in north america? : no
was king victor  emmanuel  iii there to pay  homage  to avogadro? : yes
is avogadro `s  number commonly used to compute  the results  of chemical reactions? : yes
did avogadro submit his poem? : yes.
is it true that loschmidt calculated first the value of avogadro number? : yes
hence , can relative molecular masses be calculated from the masses of gas samples ? : yes
can the title of this famous 1811 paper be roughly translated into english as "essay on determining the relative masses of the elementary molecules of bodies" ? : yes.
what is amedeo avogadro? : a person.
where is amedeo avogadro from? : italy.
who determined the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure? : anders celsius
what is named after him? : the celsius crater on the moon
when did he publish a collection? : 
is it true that he published a collection in 1738? : no
is it true that thermometer had 100 for the freezing point? : yes
was celsius born in uppsala in sweden? : yes
was anders celsius (november 27, 1701 april 25, 1744) a swedish astronomer? : yes
is the celsius crater on the moon named after him? : yes
who was the first to perform and publish careful experiments aiming at the definition of an international temperature scale on scientific grounds ? : anders celsius
the celsius crater on the moon is what? : named after him
is the celsius crater on the moon named after him ? : yes
had his thermometer 100 for the freezing point of water and 0 for the boiling point ? : yes
was celsius born in uppsala in sweden ? : yes
did he not determine the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure -lrb- in excellent agreement with modern data -rrb- ? : yes he did
what happened from 1730 to 1744? : he was professor of astronomy at uppsala university
what happened in 1745? : the scale was reversed
what did anders celsius determine about the boiling of water? : he determined the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure.
which temperature scale did celsius propose? :  the celsius temperature scale
what is the boiling point of water dependent on? : atmospheric pressure
where was celsius born? : uppsala, sweden
what is the difference between celsius' original temperature scale and the one we use today? : the scale was reversed by carolus linnaeus.
what was anders celsius`s profession? : professor of astronomy
what is anders celsius`s last name? : celsius
was celsius born in uppsala  in sweden? : yes
is the celsius  crater  on the moon named after him? : yes
was anders celsius  ( november 27 ,  1701  april 25 ,  1744  ) a swedish  astronomer? : yes
was anders celsius the first  to perform  and  publish  careful experiments  aiming at the definition  of an international  temperature  scale  on scientific grounds? : yes
was he professor at uppsala university? : yes
is it true that he published a collection of 316 observations? : yes
he published a collection of what? : observations
can syllables begin with a vowel in arabic? : no
have many european languages borrowed numerous words from arabic? : yes
the sociolinguistic situation of arabic provides a prime example of what? : the linguistic phenomenon of diglossia
is a bee an insect? : yes
are bees related to ants? : yes
have managed populations of european honey bees experienced substantial declines? : yes
where do bees live? : in colonies
when do bumblebee colonies reach peak population? : mid to late summer
what do people commonly call cleptoparasitic bees? : cuckoo bees
how did vespoid wasps evolve? : from predatory ancestors
what do humans use bees for? : honey
why do honey bee queens continue to lay eggs during the foraging season? : to replace daily casualties
are beetles insects? : yes
can beetles be found in polar regions? : no
do beetles antennae function primarily as organs of smell? : yes
what are the three sections of a beetle? : the head, the thorax, and the abdomen
which defense mechanism uses colour or shape to deceive potential enemies? : mimicry
which type of beetle is a pest of potato plants? : colorado potato beetle
how can beetle larvae be differentiated from other insect larvae? : their hardened, often darkened head, the presence of chewing mouthparts, and spiracles along the sides of the body
what do beetles eat? : some are generalists, eating both plants and animals. other beetles are highly specialised in their diet.
what are the similarities between beetles and grasshoppers? : mouthparts
are certain species of beetles considered pests? : yes
is a beetle's general anatomy uniform? : yes
are beetles endopterygotes? : yes
how many species of beetles are there? : ,000
when are sperm cells transferred to the female? : during pairing
what is the study of beetles called? : coleopterology
is it possible that there are more than 350,000 species of beetles? : yes
do carrion beetles eat dung? : no
what are prey of various animals including birds and mammals? : beetles.
what was given by aristotle for the hardened shield like forewings? : the name "coleoptera".
who or what vary greatly in form within the coleoptera? : antennae.
are many beetles territorial? : yes.
are beetles endopterygotes with complete metamorphosis? : yes.
is there a thriving industry in the collection of beetle specimens for amateur and professional collectors ? : yes.
have coleopterists formed organisations to facilitate the study of beetles ? : yes.
is the study of beetles called coleopterology? : yes.
may a single female beetle lay from several dozen to several thousand eggs during her lifetime ? : yes.
can beetles be found in almost all habitats? : yes.
does beijing mean "northern capital"? : yes
are the caves of dragon bone hill near the village of zhoukoudian in fangshan district? : yes
are hutongs disappearing? : yes
when was the an shi rebellion launched? : in 755 ad
in 1949, where did communist forces enter without a fight? : beiping
where does air pollution in beijing come from? : surrounding cities and provinces
what is the name of a university (or similar institution for imparting higher education) in beijing? : tsinghua university
are famous middle  schools  in beijing :? : yes
is berlin the capital city of germany? : yes
is berlin the largest city in germany? : yes
is schloss charlottenburg the largest existing palace in berlin? : yes
which building is the site of the german parliament? : the reichstag building
which two sports events did the olympiastadion host? : the 1936 summer olympics and the 2006 fifa world cup final
where is the berliner dom located? : on the spree island
which berlin building did architect norman foster remodel in the 1990s? : reichstag building
why is vattenfall shifting towards reliance on cleaner, renewable energy sources? : because burning lignite produces harmful emissions
what are the names of the two zoos in berlin? : the two zoos in berlin are the zoologischer garten berlin and the tierpark friedrichsfelde.
is berlin the headquarters of springer? : yes, berlin is the headquarters of springer.
does the gendarmenmarkt border the french cathedral? : yes, the gendarmenmarkt borders the french cathedral.
is the nauen plain north of berlin? : no, the nauen plain stretches to the west of berlin.
where is the bust of queen nefertiti? : the bust of queen nefertiti is in the altes museum.
where does the german president live? : the german president lives west of the center, schloss bellevue.
when did berlin give up its status as a free hanseatic city? : in 1451 berlin gave up its status as a free hanseatic city.
which is the busiest airport in berlin? : tegel international airport is the busiest airport in berlin.
how many occupation zones was germany divided into after the war? : germany was divided into four occupation zones after the war.
where was popkomm held before moving to berlin? : popkomm was held in cologne before moving to berlin.
was blaise pascal a mathematician of the first order? : yes
has the name pascal been given to the si unit of pressure? : yes
from what did pascal suffer throughout his life? : ill health
what did pascal argue was as perfect as possible? : the procedure used in geometry
what is the best physician? : time
who was the eldest sibling? : gilberte
aside from the provincial letters' religious influence, were they popular as a literary work? : yes
of whose continual poor health was the cause never precisely determined? : blaise pascal
was pascal a french mathematician? : yes
how old was pascal when he lost his mother? : 
who was pascal's younger sister? : jacqueline
what led pascal to his religious conversion? : sickness and jansenism
is there a programming language called pascal? : yes
when did pascal father die? : his father died in 1651.
was he a child prodigy who was educated by his father, a civil servant? : yes
was pascal's earliest work in the natural and applied sciences where he made important contributions to the construction of mechanical calculators, the study of fluids, and clarified the concepts of pressure and vacuum by generalizing the work of evangelista torricelli? : yes
did pascal also write in defense of the scientific method? : yes
do butterflies make sounds? : some butterflies make sounds.
do butterflies have two eyes? : yes, butterflies have two eyes.
does a black moth mean that someone has died? : in the philippines a black butterfly or moth mean that someone has died.
what is the outer layer of the cuticle made of? : the outer layer of the cuticle is made of of a mixture of chitin and specialized proteins.
where was there a vast swarm of butterflies? : in kyoto there was a vast swarm of butterflies.
what butterfly is migratory? : the monarch butterfly is migratory.
do butterflies carry more pollen than hymenoptera? : no, butterflies carry less pollen than hymenoptera.
what allows the butterfly to evade predators? : a butterfly's hind wings allow the butterfly to evade predators.
what happens if a wing is removed? : if a ring is removed the other three will grow to a larger size.
was calvin coolidge the twenty-ninth vice president? : yes
was calvin coolidge born in plymouth, windsor county, vermont? : yes
did coolidge graduate from black river academy? : yes
when did he drop john from his name? : upon graduating from college
when did coolidge meet and marry grace anna goodhue? : in 1905
what period of rapid economic growth did the united states experience during coolidge's presidency? : the "roaring twenties"
what did coolidge do after graduating from amherst? : moved to massachusetts
of what state was coolidge governor? : massachusetts
who appointed harlan fiske stone to the supreme court? : coolidge
was coolidge the thirteenth president of the united states? : no
was calvin coolidge republican? : yes
was calvin coolidge a governor of massachusetts? : yes
when was coolidge born? : july 4 1872
where did coolidge's grandfather had government offices? : plymouth
is calvin jr. older than john coolidge? : no
did coolidge get in amherst college? : yes
what caused calvin jr.'s death? : heart attack
was john calvin coolidge jr. was born in las vegas? : no
did coolidge meet and marry grace anna goodhue? : yes
what year did coolidge open his own law office? : 
what fraternity was coolidge a member of? : phi gamma delta
in 1905 coolidge met and married whom? : grace anna goodhue
why did coolidge not attend law school? : it was too expensive
have there been other us presidents that have visited cuba? : no
what years were coolidge's two sons born in? :  and 1908
did france cede nearly all of its colonies in europe in 1763? : yes
is canada a member of the oecd? : yes.
is canada's official language zulu? : no.
what is one significant non-official language? : chinese.
in addition to port royal, where else did samuel de champlain establish a s08_settlement? : quebec city
what was the consitution act formerly called? : the british north america act.
which countries established colonies in canada? : france and britain.
how has canada helped un peacekeeping efforts? : during the suez crisis of 1956, lester b. pearson eased tensions by proposing the inception of the united nations peacekeeping force. canada has since served in 50 peacekeeping missions, including every un peacekeeping effort until 1989
is canada bilingual? : yes.
did canadian soldiers win the battle of vimy ridge in 1917? : yes
is an official language of canada german? : no.
how many provinces and territories does canada have? : ten provinces and three territories
where is the most densely populated part of canada? : the most densely populated part of the country is the quebec city-windsor corridor along the great lakes and saint lawrence river in the southeast.
what is the largest religious group in canada? : christian
when did canada have one of the largest armed forces in the world? : 
european books and maps began referring to this region as canada in what year? : 
what was canada's most important industry until the 1800s? : the fur trade
is it true that provinces have a large degree of autonomy? : yes
what did canada adopt in 1965? : the maple leaf flag
what arrived in britain? : the first canadian army units in ww ii
are canada 's two official languages english and french ? : yes
are canada 's official national sports ice hockey ( winter ) and lacrosse ( summer ) ? : yes
is canada a geographically vast and ethnically diverse country ? : yes
is it the world 's second largest country by total area? : yes
is the violin cello a bowed string instrument? : yes
is the purfling just for decoration? : no
are the z-holes used as access points to the interior of the cello? : no
what does violincello mean? : violincello means "little violene".
what are the two materials that bows are made of traditionally? : traditionally, bows are made from pernambuco or brazilwood.
what is used to tune a cello? : the pegs
which harmonics can produce any notes above middle c? : artificial harmonics can produce any notes above middle c.
who referred to the cello as basso de viola da braccio"? : monteverdi referred to the cello as "basso de viola da braccio".
where is the violincello held? : on the shoulder
is there cello in performances by rihanna? : yes
are cellos constructed with glue? : yes
is the cello a stringed instrument? : yes
what is cello an abbreviation of? : violoncello
what is a person who plays the cello called? : cellist
why is there purling on a cello? : to stop cracks from forming ****misspelled****
when did the first educational works appear for the cello? : the 18th century
what cello manufacturer should i buy from if i want to play outside? : luis & clark
was charles-augustin de coulomb a member of the national institute? : yes
did charles-augustin de coulomb find any relationship between electric charges and magnetic poles? : no
was charles-augustin de coulomb's father's family in montpellier? : yes
where did charles-augustin de coulomb die? : paris, france
where did the construction of fort bourbon take place? : martinique
what is the definition of the electrostatic force of attraction and repulsion? : coulomb's law
did charles-augustin de coulomb live to be 80 years old? : no
was the si  unit  of charge , the  coulomb , named after him? : yes
was coulomb born in angoulme,  france ,  to a well  to do  family? : yes
was his father ,  henri  coulomb , inspector of the royal  fields  in montpellier? : yes
is coulomb distinguished in the history  of mechanics  and  of electricity and  magnetism? : yes
was charles augustin  de coulomb  ( born  june  14 ,  1736 ,  angoulme ,  france  -  died august 23 ,  1806 ,  paris ,  france  ) a french  physicist? : yes
does coulomb leave a legacy? : yes
when was charles-augustin de coulomb born? : june 14, 1736
did he publish an important investigation of the laws of friction? : yes
was coulomb born in angoulme, france, to a well to do family? : yes
coulomb discovered an inverse relationship of what? : distance and electric force
is it true that coulomb leaves a legacy as a hero? : yes
where is charles-augustin de coulomb from? : france
are the modern chinese dialects more like a family? : yes
is it true that one-fifth of world population speak some form of chinese? : yes
one-fifth of world population speak some form of what? : chinese
are all spoken varieties of chinese tonal and analytical? : yes
is fifty percent or more of korean vocabulary of chinese origin? : yes
what is the most common romanization standard for standard mandarin today? : hanyu pinyin
what does the prc government classify as literacy amongst workers? : a knowledge of 2000 characters
how is south china linguistically different from north china? : south china displays more linguistic diversity
what is the standardized form of spoken chinese? : the standardized from of spoken chinese is standard mandarin.
is diglossia a common feature in mainland china and taiwan? : yes, diglossia is a common feature in mainland china and taiwan.
do linguists often view chinese as a language family? : yes, linguists often view chinese as a language family.
when did classical chinese literature begin? : classical chinese literature began in the 14th to 11th centuires bce.
how does the government of the people's republic of china often refer to all divisions of the sinitic language(s) besides standard mandarin? : the prc commonly refers to all divisons of the sinitic language(s) beside standard mandarin as fangyan, or "regional tongues."
when was middle chinese used? : middle chinese was the language used in the 6th through 1-th centuries ce.
how is the pronunciation of foreign words determined? : foreign words are transliterated into close-match existing chinese morphemes.
what is the total number of chinese words? : the hanyu da zidian includes 54,678 head entries for characters.
what language was used in the zhou and southern dynasties? : old chinese was the language common during the early and middle zhou dynasty.
copenhagen is the capital of what country? : denmark
what transnational bridge was completed in 2000? : oresund bridge
why is copenhagen a regional hub? : its strategic location and excellent infrastructure
what happened to copenhagen between 1251 and 1255? : a bunch of things
is copenhagen completely surrounded with water? : no
copenhagen is ranked number one worldwide for which things? : most livable city, location ranking survey
why did german troops occupy copenhagen? : because it was ww2
is a cougar also known as a mountain lion? : yes
are cougars larger than jaguars? : no
how long are cougar adult males (from nose to tail)? : 4 meters
how long is an adult cougar's paw print? :  inches
what are the three heaviest cats in the world? : tiger, lion, and jaguar
on average, are cougar males heavier than females? : yes
what are the three cat species that are native to canada? : cougar, bobcat, canadian lynx
have cymbals been used historically to suggest bacchanal? : yes
can the origins of cymbals be traced to prehistoric times? : yes
are cymbals used in moden orchestras? : yes
what are the most common cymbals? : hi-hats, crash, splash, ride, and china
what is the second main orchestral use of cymbals? : the suspended cymbal
what have clash cymbals traditionally been accompanied by? : the bass drum playing an identical part
what happens when the center of a cymbal is hit? : it causes a sound which is in a higher register than the rest of the cymbal
what is an effective way to accentuate a note? : the combination of a clash cymbol being accompanied by a bass drum playing an identical part, played loudly
from what type of cymbals can a expert player obtain an enormous dynamic range? : crash cymbals
can the origins of cymbals be traced back to prehistoric times? : yes
did the modern hi-hat evolve from clash cymbals? : yes
is the word cymbal derived from a germanic word? : no
what is the center of a cymbal called? : bell
what part of the cymbal gets the best "crash"? : edge or rim
what two instruments form the modern drum kit? : the cymbals and the drum
what greek mythical creatures were depicted holding cymbals? : fauns and satyrs
what are orchestral crash cymbals technically called? : clash cymbals
is one of the parts of a cymbal called a disc? : no
are ride cymbals very common? : yes
does fender make cymbals? : no
what part of the cymbal is the bell? : the center of a cymbal
what are cymbals made of? : brass
how many cymbals typically go in a drum kit? : at least 3
what kinds of musical groups use cymbals? : cymbals are used in modern orchestras and many military, marching, concert and other bands
is dhaka the capital of bangladesh? : yes
is dhaka located on the eastern banks of the buriganga river? : yes
is university of dhaka the largest public university in dhaka? : yes
did the mughals arrive in dhaka? : yes
is university of dhaka older than the dhaka college? : no
is the drum a member of the percussion group? : yes
does each type of drum head serve its own musical purpose? : yes
is the aburukuwa a type of drum? : yes
how long has the basic design of the drum remained unchanged? : thousands of years
what is the second biggest factor affecting the sound produced by a drum? : tension
are drums often used in music therapy? : yes
do drums consist of at least eight membranes? : no
what has the most effect on how a drum sounds? : the drumhead
who constructed a kit using diatonic and chromatically tuned drums? : terry bozzio
has the design of drums changed recently? : no
does every drumhead make the same sound? : no
do many such drums have six to ten tension rods? : yes.
do drums consist of at least one membrane, called a drumhead or drum skin, that is stretched over a shell and struck, either directly with parts of a player's body, or with some sort of implement such as a drumstick, to produce sound? : yes
have other techniques been used to cause drums to make sound, such as the ``thumb roll''? : yes
are ducks in the arctic northern hemisphere migratory? : yes
is a drake a male duck? : yes
do all ducks "quack"? : no
who is daffy duck? : cartoon character
what makes it more difficult for a diving duck to fly? : they are heavier
what are the reasons for hunting wild ducks? : meat, eggs, and feathers
do ducks forage underwater? : yes
is foie gras often made from ducks? : yes
what economic uses to ducks have? : they are farmed for their meat, eggs and feathers. they are also kept and bred by aviculturists and often displayed in zoos.
what kind of ducks feed on land? : dabbling ducks
what unrelated water birds are ducks sometimes confused with? : loons or divers, grebes, gallinules, and coots
what does the word duck mean? : to bend down low as if to get under something
what are some common predators of ducks? : pike, crocodilians, and other aquatic hunters
how does a mallard's tongue work? : it uses short spikes to push struggling prey and other food down its throat
are diving ducks heavier than dabbling ducks? : yes
are adult ducks fast fliers? : yes
are ducks an accepted presence in some populated areas? : yes
what types of unrelated water birds with similar forms are ducks sometimes confused with? : loons or divers, grebes, gallinules, and coots
why are ducklings particularly vulnerable? : their inability to fly makes them easy prey
what are some economic uses for duck? : being farmed for their meat, eggs, feathers, (particularly their down)
what allows a duck to filter water out of the side of their beaks and keep food inside? : tiny rows of plates called lamellae like a whale's baleen
what expression is part of a conceptual framework for testing computer systems? : quacks like a duck
where did the expression "a sitting duck" come from? : in many areas, wild duckof various species (including ducks farmed and released into the wild) are hunted for food or sport, by shooting, or formerly by decoys.
is the electric eel a true eel? : no
are most eels predators? : yes, most eels are predators.
is eel blood toxic to humans? : yes
how many species of true eels are there? : approximately 800 species
where is smoked eel considered a delicacy? : northern germany, the netherlands, denmark, sweden
how do eels begin life? : eels begin life as flat and transparent larvae, called leptocephali.
do all eels live in fresh water? : no
is egypt bordered by the gaza strip? : yes
is egypt the most populated country in africa? : no
does egypt have political influence in the middle east? : yes
when was the six day war? : 
what religions has egypt outlawed? : all but christianity, islam, and judaism
what is the poulation of egypt? : more than 78 million
why does most of egypt's population live near the nile? : the only arable agricultural land is found there,
are there a large number of jews living in egypt today? : no
during what period was akhenaten a pharaoh? : the new kingdom
is egypt in asia? : no.
does egypt receive the least rainfall in the world? : yes
does egypt's foreign policy operates along moderate lines? : yes
since when has egypt been a republic? : june 18 1953
when were the great sphinx and the pyramids of giza built? : during the old kingdom
what countries border egypt? : libya, sudan, the gaza strip and israel
what is the estimated population of egypt? : more than 78 million.
does snow fall in egypt? : yes
when did organized agriculture appear in the nile valley? :  bc.
are elephants the largest land animals alive today? : yes
can an elephant kill a rhinoceros? : yes
are elephants good swimmers? : yes
how many living species of african elephants are there? : 
how long may elephants live? :  years
how many living species of asian elephants are there? : 
how much do elephants weight at birth? :  kilograms
what did aristotle say about elephants? : the elephant was "the beast which passeth all others in wit and mind."
are elephant populations in west africa generally small and fragmented? : yes
is the asian elephant larger than the african? : sometimes
is an elephant's skin tough? : yes
how do elephants communicate over long distances? : by producing and receiving low-frequency sound (infrasound)
when do african elephants lie down? : when they are sick or wounded
how long is the elephant's gestation period? :  months
how many species of african elephants have been proposed? : three
what are the elephant's ears important for? : temperature regulation
what land animal has the largest brain? : elephant
are elephants mammals? : yes
have elephants been used as working animals? : yes
do they prefer forested areas? : yes
what part of an elephant is very important for temperature regulation? : ears
where was the largest elephant ever recorded shot? : angola
is an asian elephant smaller than an african elephant? : yes
what land animal is larger than an elephant? : none
has tusklessness become a rare abnormality? : no
is finnish a member of the baltic-finnic subgroup of the uralic languages? : yes
is the most read newspaper in finland taloussanomat? : no
which russian army general conquered finland in 1809? : alexander i
what is the life expectancy for men in finland? :  years
in what year were the "games of the xv olympiad" held? : 
what body of water lies to the south of finland? : the gulf of finland
today, are there more cell phone subscriptions than people in finland? : yes
is matti vanhanen the prime minister of finland? : yes
is the capital city of finland oslo? : no
does finland have a border with norway? : yes
what is the biggest city in finland? : the cities of the greater helsinki metropolitan area
who is the most popular rock group in finland? : cmx
where is finland located? : northern europe
what is finnish weather like in summer? : relatively warm
are there cathedrals scattered all across finland? : yes
according to reader's digest, is finland best for living? : yes
when did the first verifiable written documents appear? :  the first verifiable written documents appeared in the twelfth century.
what is the capital city of finland? : helsinki
what is the most extensively celebrated holiday in finland? : christmas
does a large proportion of the finnish population speak swedish as its mother tongue? : no
do women live longer than men in finland? : yes
is finnish an official language of the european union? : yes
are the dialects of finnish divided into two groups? : yes
is finnish threatened by english? : no
when did proto-uralic language arrive in finland? : around 1900 bce
what are characteristic features of finnish? : vowel harmony and an agglutinative morphology
where is the kven language spoken? : norway
who wrote the first novel in finnish? : aleksis kivi
what book defined the official finnish language? : the dictionary of contemporary finnish
is the flute a musical instrument? : yes.
is it possible to open flutes at one or both ends? : yes.
are indian concert flutes available in standard pitches? : yes
what do we refer musicians who play flute? : a flute player, a flautist, or a flutist
when was a three-holed flute made from a mammoth tusk discovered? : in 2004
when did the tin whistle first appear? : th century.
what are the oldest known musical instruments? : a three-holed flute made from a mammoth tusk and two flutes made from swans' bones are among the oldest known musical instruments
when was the pan flute spread to other parts of europe? : th century bc.
what does the air stream across this hole create? : a bernoulli, or siphon.
when does a flute produce sound? : when a stream of air directed across a hole in the instrument creats a vibration of air at the hole.
how can a flute's volume be increased? : a flute's volume can be increased by making its resonator and tone holes larger.
do open-ended flutes have brighter timbres? : yes.
where was the oldest flute ever discovered found? : germany
what are the two main varieties of indian flutes? : bansuri and the venu or pullanguzhal.
has the flute been dated to prehistoric times? : yes
was the pan flute used in greece? : yes
can a flute be played with several different air sources? : yes
when was the pan flute used in greece? : th century bc
how many main varieties of indian flutes are currently used? : two
what material is a chi flute fashioned from? : lacquered bamboo
how does a flute player change the pitch of the sound? : opening and closing holes in the body of the instrument
are foxes wary of humans? : yes
are fennec foxes endangered? : no
does the diet of foxes include reptiles? : yes
how long do most foxes live? :  to 3 years
in what country did fox hunting originate? : in the united kingdom
what is the smallest species of fox? : the fennec fox
what are female foxes called? : vixens
what is caching food? : burying it for later consumption
do foxes damage fruit on farms? : no
how many years ago did african people spread across 31 francophone african countries can speak french either as a first or second language? :  years ago
in old french, was the plural  for animal animals? : yes
is catalan the only  official  language  of andorra? : yes
in belgium, however, is quatre-vingts universally used? : yes
is french taught in many schools as a primary language along with arabic? : yes
what is widely used by the lebanese, especially for administrative purposes? : french
is french descendant of the latin language? : yes
is it true that france signed the european charter for regional languages? : yes
was gerald ford a member of the house of representatives? : yes
for how long was ford a member of the house of representatives? : over eight years.
was gerald ford a member of delta kappa epsilon? : yes
did ford attend the university of michigan? : yes
what did ford say about his biological father? : he was abusive and had a history of hitting his mother.
is ford related with the assassination of john f. kennedy? : yes
was gerald ford the 38th president of the united states? : yes
did gerald ford serve as the republican minority leader of the house of representatives? : yes
was ford an eagle scout? : yes
what district was ford elected from? : michigan's 5th congressional district
how many eagle scouts were involved in ford's funeral procession? : about 400
which future heisman trophy winner did ford tackle? : jay berwanger
has another us president been an eagle scout? : no
did ford need to do extra work to pay for college? : yes
have more than five presidents lived past the age of 90? : no
what did ford receive on april 13, 1942? : ford received a commission as ensign in the us naval reserve.
was ford interred at his presidential museum in grand rapids, michigan? : yes.
is ford one of only four former presidents to live to 90 or more years of age ? : yes.
was ford the last surviving member of the warren commission ? : yes.
is german an inflected  language? : yes
in switzerland, is  used at all? : no
is 9 %  of the internet  population german? : no
is german written using the latin  alphabet? : yes
was the luther bible by martin luther printed? : yes
are there 622,650 speakers of german in canada? : yes
are there also large populations of german ancestry in mexico? : yes
is english ghana's official language? : yes
did the dutch build the elmina castle? : no
when did ghana achieve independence from the united kingdom? : 
how many regions is ghana divided into? : 
who is the head of state of ghana? : nana akufo-addo
what is the dominant religion in ghana? : christian
what is the weather like at lake volta? : warm and comparatively dry
is ghana in asia? : no
is english the official language? : yes
is ghana's head of state john agyekum kufuor? : yes
what does the word ghana mean? : warrior king
who was kwame nkrumah? : founder and first president
where is old ghana in relation to present ghana? :  miles north of the present ghana, and occupied the area between rivers senegal and niger
is it true that the portuguese came to ghana in the 15th century? : yes
what did ghana capture in 1642? : ford st. anothy in axim
is the parliament of ghana unicameral? : yes
is the republic of ghana is named after the medieval ghana empire of west africa? : yes
is all teaching done in english , ghana 's official language ? : yes
are more than 100 languages and dialects spoken in ghana ? : yes
is the republic of ghana a country in west africa? : yes
has the dragon historically served as china's national emblem? : yes
do pandas hibernate? : no
do giant pandas attack humans? : yes
what family is the panda a part of? : ursidae (bear)
how long does it take for the panda cubs skin to turn gray? : one to two weeks
how many different names did chinese writings give to the panda? : 
what are the two subspecies of giant pandas? : ailuropoda melanoleuca melanoleuca and  ailuropoda melanoleuca qinlingensis
what is panda diplomacy? : loans of giant pandas to american and japanese zoos
is the giant panda a mammal? : yes
is the giant panda a terrestrial animal? : yes
is the giant panda an endangered species? : yes
where do giant pandas live? : sichuan province, shaanxi and gansu provinces
when was the giant panda's genome sequenced? : 
how many subspecies of the giant panda are there? : two
is the giant panda a carnivore? : yes
why is the giant panda an endangered species? : threatened by habitat loss
do both sexes of giraffe have horns? : yes
do giraffes give birth standing up? : yes
are giraffes hunted for their hides? : yes
what areas can giraffes inhabit? : savannas, grasslands, or open woodlands
what will a giraffe use to clean off any bugs that appear on its face? : it's extremely long tongue
how do giraffes defend themselves? : with powerful kicks
do male giraffes weigh more than female giraffes? : yes
are male females generally taller than female giraffes? : yes
does the gray wolf share an ancestry with the domestic dog? : yes.
do wolf pups tend to have darker fur than adults? : yes
do wolves leave their pack? : yes
where do wolves have scent glands? : between a wolf's toes
how much do wolves weigh? : between 32 and 68 kilograms
why do wolves howl? : howling helps pack members keep in touch, allowing them to communicate effectively in thickly forested areas or over great distances. howling also helps to call pack members to a specific location. howling can also serve as a declaration of territory, as shown in a dominant wolf&apos;s tendency to respond to a human imitation of a "rival" wolf in an area the wolf considers its own.
what is surplus killing? : the killing of several prey animals too numerous to eat at one sitting
is the gray wolf a mammal? : yes
are a wolf's teeth its main weapons? : yes
are wolves built for stamina? : yes
where is the largest gray wolf population thought to be found? : kazakhstan
to what genus does the gray wolf belong? : canis
when do wolves molt? : late spring or early summer
why is it beneficial for alpha males and females to forcefully prevent other wolves from mating? : a pack can only suppport one littler per year
what type of tools do biologists use to capture wolves for tagging? : darting and foot hold traps.
forward, erect ears and slightly bristle hackles are a sign of what in wolves? : dominance
was grover cleveland born in new york? : no
did grover cleveland win the 1884 election? : yes
did grover cleveland support women's suffrage? : no
where was grover cleveland married? : in the blue room in the white house
what did cleveland die from? : a heart attack
how many years after cleveland left office did the u.s. win the spanish-american war? : one
what did cleveland's opponents say in 1884 to counter his innocent image? : that he had fathered an illegitimate child while he was a lawyer in buffalo
who did cleveland run against in 1884? : james g. blaine
was grover cleveland the twenty-seventh president of the united states? : no.
is grover cleveland honest? : yes.
was grover cleveland married in the whitehouse? : yes.
when was he elected sheriff of erire county, new york? : 
when did he die? : 
which election did grover cleveland win? :  and 1892 presidential elections
who were grover cleveland's parents? : reverend richard cleveland and anne neal.
who lost control of his party to the agrarians and silverites in 1896? : grover cleveland
is it true that he sent in federal troops to chicago? : yes
was cleveland born in caldwell, new jersey to the reverend richard cleveland and anne neal? : yes
was grover cleveland elected sheriff of erie county, new york? : yes
was cleveland 's portrait on the u.s. $ 1000 bill from 1928 to 1946 ? : yes
is he buried in the princeton cemetery of the nassau presbyterian church ? : yes
did the department of the interior not charge that the rights of way for this land must be returned to the public because the railroads failed to extend their lines according to agreements ? : yes
did the team , sedating cleveland with nitrous oxide -lrb- laughing gas -rrb- , not remove his upper left jaw and portions of his hard palate ? : yes
is an acoustic guitar dependent on an external device? : no.
is the battente smaller than a classical guitar? : yes.
is the flamenco guitar similar to the classical guitar? : yes.
where is the headstock located? : at the end of the guitar.
whom are guitars made and repaired by? : luthiers.
what are modern guitar strings constructed of? : metal, polymers, or animal or plant product materials.
why are harp guitars difficult to classify? : there are many variations within this type.
what is the bridge used for? : the transfer of string vibrations.
which guitars use three single-coil pickups? : fender stratocaster type guitars.
is a guitar an instrument? : yes
can guitars be divided into two broad categories? : yes
do picks come in many shapes and sizes? : yes
how many strings does a guitar typically have? : six
what is located at the end of the guitar neck furthest from the body? : headstock
what are most electric guitar bodies made of? : wood
why do some people believe that left-handed people should learn to play guitars as right-handed people do? : to standardise the instrument
how old is the oldest known representation of a guitar-like intrument being played? : ,300 years old
what is the point called that is bolted or glued to the body of the guitar? : neck joint or 'heel'
he became chief engineer in the department of bridges and highways in what year? : in 1894
what led becquerel to investigate the spontaneous emission of nuclear radiation? : phographic plates being fully exposed
is it true that he married louise dsire lorieux in 1890? : yes
is it true that he shared the nobel prize in physics? : yes
when did he marry louise dsire lorieux? : 
who won the 1903 nobel prize in physics for discovering radioactivity ? : henri becquerel
is there a becquerel crater on the moon and a becquerel crater on mars? : yes
was henri becquerel one of the discoverers of radioactivity? : yes
is the si unit for radioactivity named after becquerel? : yes
was henri becquerel a french physicist? : yes
where was henri becquerel born? : paris
was henri becquerel first in his family to occupy the physics chair at the museum national d'histoire naturelle? : no
was henri becquerel the sole winner of the 1903 nobel prize in physics? : no
did henri becquerel intentionally discover radioactivity? : no
did henri becquerel live to be 80 years old? : no
what was henri becquerel`s profession? : physisist
when was henri becquerel born? : december 15, 1852
did henri becquerel share the nobel prize in physics? : yes
is it true that becquerel wrapped a fluorescent substance in photographic plates? : yes
becquerel wrapped a fluorescent substance in what? : photographic plates and black material
is there a becquerel crater on the moon for radioactivity? : yes
where is henri becquerel from? : paris
what does henri becquerel do? : was a physisist
are the javanese the largest and politically dominant ethnic group in indonesia? : yes
is indonesia a monarchy with a presidential system? : no
did the japanese invasion and subsequent occupation during wwii end dutch rule? : yes
in what year did east timor secede from indonesia? : 
when did islam become the dominant religion in java and sumatra? : by the end of the 16th century
does indonesia have the world's hightest level of biodiversity? : no
was indonesia named after it became an independent country? : no
why did indonesia break off relations with the people's republic of china? : because of anti-communist purges early in the suharto era
which spice originally attracted europeans to indonesia? : nutmeg, cloves, and cubeb pepper
what is jakarta? : indonesia's special capital region
what shares land borders with papua new guinea, east timor and malaysia? : indonesia
what are the largest and politically dominant ethnic group? : the javanese
what happens when the srivijaya kingdom formed trade links? : the indonesian archipelago became an important trade region
is it true that indonesia has vast areas of wilderness? : yes
is indonesia a republic? : yes
are sports in indonesia generally male-orientated? : yes
is indonesia the world's largest archipelagic state? : yes
are sports in indonesia generally male-orientated and spectator sports are often associated with illegal gambling ? : yes
is pencak silat an indonesian martial art ? : yes
has indonesia the world 's largest muslim population ? : yes
is indonesia the world 's largest archipelagic state? : yes
is it the world 's fourth most populous country and the most populous muslim-majority nation? : yes
was newton a english physicist? : yes
when was newton's date of birth recorded? : christmas day, decembeer 25, 1642.
how many laws of motion did netwon have? : three
who did newton see as the master creator? : god
when did netwon investigate the refraction of light : -1672
what principles did newton explain for mechanics? : the principles of conservation of momentum and angular momentum
interaction with what man stirred up newton's interest in alchemy? : henry more
was isaac newton british? : yes.
where was isaac newton born? : woolsthorpe manor in woolsthorpe-by-colsterworth
who shares credit with isaac newton for developing calculus? : gottfried leibniz.
when did isaac newton discover the generalized binomial theorem? : in 1665.
did the occult influence newton's theory of gravitation? : yes.
which fruit inspired isaac newton's theory of gravitation? : the apple.
was sir isaac newton an english physicist and mathematician? : yes
did he build the first practical reflecting telescope? : yes
was isaac newton educated at the king's schol, grantham? : yes
when was the principia published? : 
where is there a newton statue on display? : oxford university museum of natural history
where was isaac newton buried? : westminster abbey
what food gave isaac newton clues to his theory of gravity? : apple
is the wisma building the tallest building in indonesia? : yes
is there a chinese community in jakarta? : yes
is jakarta the 12th largest city in the world? : yes
what is the capital of indonesia? : the capital of indonesia is jakarta.
what is the official name of jakarta? : daerah khusus ibukota jakarta
how is the climate in the city? : the city is hot and humid.
where does the name of the city jakarta come from? : the name jakarta is derived from the sanskrit word "jayakarta."
how is the city's governor chosen? : election
why does jakarta suffer frequent flooding? : because it is located approximately eight meters above the sea level
is the the biggest university in jakarta the university of indonesia : yes
is jakarta a city : yes
is the most important river in jarkarta the ciliwung river : yes
where is jakarta located : on the northwest coast of java
who created monas park : general herman willem deandels
did the economy improve in jakarta in 2007 : yes
did jayawikarta's soldiers attack the dutch fortress? : yes
was the jakarta area part of the fourth century indianized kingdom of tarumanagara? : yes
is jakarta the country's economic, cultural and political center? : yes.
is james monrow the fifth president of us? : yes
when did monroe's presidency expired? : march 4, 1825.
what is monroe's father's name? : spence monroe.
what is monroe's daughter's name? : maria hester monroe gouverneur
what does "era of good feelings" refers to? : reduced tension
did monroe' wedding happen at the trinity church in new york? : yes
what is monroe doctrine? : a doctrine declaring u.s. opposition to european interference in the americas.
was james monroe president of the united states? : yes
did james monroe attend the college of william and mary? : yes
did james monroe fight in the continental army? : yes
where was james monroe born? : westmoreland county, virginia
where was james monroe shot? : at the battle of trenton, in his left shoulder
who did james monroe marry? : elizabeth kortright
what did james monroe do before being elected governor? : he practiced law in virginia.
in which years were john monroe elected as president? : -1825
who was john monroe standing behind in the painting of  washington crossing the delaware? : george washington
when was james monroe appointed to secretary of war? : 
when did james monroe die? : july 4, 1831
when did james monroe graduate from william and mary? : 
when was james monroe elected president? : monroe was elected president in the election of 1816, and re-elected in 1820.
which property did james monroe sell in 1817? : monroe hill on the grounds of the university of virginia.
when did james monroe introduce the monroe doctrine? : december 2, 1823
who did james monroe live with in new york city? : his daughter maria hester monroe gouverneur
what was the result of the rejection of the jay treaty? : as a result, the two nations moved closer toward the war of 1812.
who is depicted holding the flag in the famous painting of washington crossing the delaware? : monroe
what dwindled and eventually died out, starting with the hartford convention? : the federalist party
was monroe anticlerical? : no
was monroe appointed minister to france from 1794 to 1796? : yes
had monroe racked up many debts during his years of public life ? : yes
is watt commemorated by statuary in george square, glasgow and princes street, edinburgh? : yes.
was watt a gentleman, greatly respected by other prominent men of the industrial revolution? : yes.
was watt a fellow of the royal society of edinburgh and the royal society of london? : yes.
was watt ranked 22nd in michael h. hart 's list of the most influential figures in history ? : yes.
james watt's improvements of what were fundamental to the changes wrought by the industrial revolution? : steam engine
james watt was born where? : greenock, a seaport on the firth of clyde
what was the name of james watt's mother? : agnes muirhead
for how many years of james watt's life was his mother alive? :  years
what is james watt most famous for? : steam engine.
is james watt french? : no, he was scottish.
did james watt improve an engine? : yes
is there a statue of watt in the white house? : no
what was james watt's father's job? : his father was a shipwright, ship owner and contractor, and served as the town's chief baillie.
when did watt retire? : in 1800.
where is the james watt memorial college? : in greenock.
why is the watt named after watt? : the watt is named after him for his contributions to the development of the steam engine.
where did watt attend university? : watt did not attend school regularly.
did john adams represent the continental congress in europe? : yes
was adams raised congregationalist? : yes
was adams an opponent of the stamp act? : yes
when did adams graduate from college? : 
who was on the committee with adams to draft  a declaration of independence? : thomas jefferson, benjamin franklin, robert r. livingston and roger sherman.
what did jefferson call john adams? : colossus of independence
what was adams' political party? : federalist
was adams the first to introduce a bicameral legislature? : yes
did john adams get along with alexander hamilton? : no
did john adams go to harvard? : yes
did john adams support the stamp act of 1765? : no
is adams' birthplace part of a national park? : yes
when did john adams serve as vice president? : -1797
with what party did adams run for presidency? : the federalist party
where is adams buried? : united first parish church
who were the midnight judges? : they were a series of judges, so called because most of them were formally appointed days before adams' presidential term expired
in what ways was adams opposed by anderw hamilton? : hamilton wanted to control the army differently than adams
what information did he record in his diary? : he wrote descriptions of events and impressions of men
who was defeated for re-election in the`` revolution of 1800'' by thomas jefferson? : john adams
who represented the continental congress in europe? : john adams
is it true that adams had spent some time as the ambassador? : yes
who did massachuetts send in 1774? : john adams
are john adams last words often quoted as " thomas jefferson survives " . ? : yes
what happened in 1764? : adams married abigail smith
is a kangaroo a reptile? : no
is a kangaroo on the australian coat of arms? : yes
was james cook the first to record the name "kangooroo?" : yes
what is a collective noun for kangaroos? : mob, troop, or court
where do joeys complete postnatal development? : a pouch called a marsupium
what do kangaroos use for "crawl-walking?" : their hind feet and their tails
why do kangaroos have a wide bite? : because of grazing
are wild kangaroos shot for meat? : yes
have kangaroos fared well since european settlement? : yes
do kangaroos have many natural predators? : no
what is the average life expectancy of a kangaroo? :  to 6 years
when did the first official report of kangaroo blindness take place? : 
what are vehicles that frequent isolated roads often fitted with? : roo bars
do kangaroos eat plants? : yes
what are some extinct predators of the kangaroo? : thylacine, marsupial lion, maagalania, and wonambi
is a kangaroo a marsupial? : yes
is the kangaroo an herbivour? : yes
are kangaroos shy? : yes
what method of locomotion do kangaroos use? : hopping
what is a collective noun for a kangaroo? : a mob, troop, or court
what is a roo? : a kangaroo
what is used to protect a vehicale from a kangaroo? : roo bars
what method is used by kangaroos to travel? : hopping
what are four species that are commonly referred to as kangaroos? : the red kangaroo, the eastern grey kangaroo, the western grey kangaroo, and the antilopine kangaroo
are kangaroos and wallabies adept swimmers? : yes
are kangaroos farmed to any extent? : no.
who also discovered that less than three percent of kangaroos exposed to the virus developed blindness ? : veterinarians
different species of kangaroos eat what? : different diets
have kangaroos dazzled by headlights or startled by engine noise been known to leap in front of cars ? : yes
is a collision with a vehicle capable of killing a kangaroo ? : yes
was the game of marn grook played using a ball made from kangaroo by the kurnai people ? : yes
have kangaroos large , powerful hind legs , large feet adapted for leaping , a long muscular tail for balance , and a small head ? : yes
do koalas have a slow metabolism? : yes
did eucalypt forests grow in the place of rainforests? : yes, the koala did not specialise in a diet of eucalyptus until the climate cooled and eucalypt forests grew in the place of rainforests.
does the koala fill the same ecological role as the sloth of south america? : the koala fills the same ecological role as the sloth of south america.
is the koala found in coastal regions of eastern and southern australia, from near adelaide to the southern part of cape york peninsula? : yes
do populations also extend for considerable distances inland in regions with enough moisture to support suitable woodlands? : populations also extend for considerable distances inland in regions with enough moisture to support suitable woodlands.
were the koalas of south australia largely exterminated during the early part of the 20th century, but the state has since been repopulated with victorian stock? : the koalas of south australia were largely exterminated during the early part of the 20th century, but the state has since been repopulated with victorian stock.
is korean the official language of korea? : yes
is the word "korean" derived from goryeo? : yes
are all dialects of korean similar to each other? : yes
about how many koreans speakers are there? :  million korean speakers
older english sources used the name "korean" to refer to what? : language, country, and people
what is the official language of north korea? : korean
where do the majority of loanwords other than sino-korean come from? : modern times
how many korean speakers are there? : there are about 78 million korean speakers.
how many parts of speech does the korean language contain? : the korean language contains nine parts of speech.
how many verb paradigms are there in korean? : there are seven verb paradigms or speech levels in korean.
what is the sino-korean system of numbers based on? : the sino-korean system is nearly entirely based on the chinese numerals.
what is another term for korean adjectives? : adjectives are also known as "descriptive verbs" or "stative verbs".
is modern korean written in columns or rows? : it is written in rows.
what percentage of the korean language does jeong jae-do estimate to be sino-korean? : sino-korean makes up 30% of the korean language.
do chinese and japanese have spaces between words? : no, chinese and japanese do not have spaces between words.
from which languages is korean descended? : korean is descended from old korean, middle korean and modern korean.
are there seven verb paradigms or speech levels in korean? : yes.
is modern korean written with spaces between words? : yes.
are the korean names for the language based on the names for korea used in north as well as south korea? : yes.
is it not also one of the two official languages of the yanbian korean autonomous prefecture in china? : yes.
is the dialect spoken in jeju located in fact classified as a different language by all korean linguists? : the dialect spoken in jeju is in fact classified as a different language by some korean linguists.
is it also one of the two official languages in the yanbian korean autonomous prefecture in china? : yes
what's the population of kuala lumpur? : 6 million
what language do they speak in kuala lumpur? : bahasa melayu
what does the name "kuala lumpur" mean? : muddy confluence, "muddy estuary," and "muddy city"
what airports does kuala lumpur have? : kuala lumpur international airport and subang international airport
how long was kuala lumpur occupied by the japanese? :  months
how many seasons does kuala lumpur experience? : 
when were the colonial buildings in kuala lumpur constructed? : toward the end of the 19th and early 20th centuries
when did kuala lumpur become a federal territory of malaysia? : -feb-74
wasn't leonardo da vinci born on april 15? : yes, leonardo da vinci was born on april 15.
who left verroccio's studio? : leonardo da vinci left verroccio's studio.
when did baldassare castiglione, author of il cortegiano ( " the courtier " ), write? : 
when did leonardo da vinci flee to venice? : in 1499.
has leonardo often been described as the archetype of the renaissance man, a man whose unquenchable curiosity was equaled only by his powers of invention? : yes
is da vinci widely considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived? : yes.
is the leopard smaller than the other members of panthera? : yes
is a leopard larger and less lanky than a cheetah? : yes
are large pythons potential prey for leopards? : yes
what may a leopard be mistaken for? : a cheetah or a jaguar
what is a hybrid animal resulting from a union between a leopard and a puma? : a pumapard
where do leopards often hide their kills? : in dense vegetation or in trees
how did early naturalists distinguish between leopards and panthers? : by the length of their tails
what are dark leopards known as colloquially? : black panthers
what shape are a leopard's black ros08_settes in east africa? : circular
is the leopard an old world mammal? : yes
is the leopard of the felidae family? : yes
is the leopard one of the four 'big cats'? : yes
where is the leopard distributed? : southern eurasia and africa, from korea to south africa and spain
how long is a leopard's tail? : -110cm
how much does a leopard weigh? : males are considerably larger than females and weigh 37 to 90 kg compared to 28 to 60 kg for females.
does a male leopard weigh more than a female leopard? : yes
what is the difference between leopards and cheetahs? : the leopard has rosettes rather than cheetah's simple spots, but they lack internal spots, unlike the jaguar. the leopard is larger and less lanky than the cheetah but smaller than the jaguar.
what sort of cats are solitary? : leopards
are leopards circular? : no
is the leopard solitary? : yes
has the new zealand rugby league featured the otahuhu leopards and then the tamaki leopards ? : yes
were the leopard men a west african secret society who practised cannibalism ? : yes
was the leopard tank a german designed tank which entered service in 1965 ? : yes
is the leopard an agile and graceful predator? : yes
is liechtenstein bordered by switzerland? : yes
is liechtenstein the smallest german-speaking country in the world? : yes
was liechtenstein part of the ancient roman province of raetia? : yes
when was the first factory in liechenstein opened? : 
how many municipalities is liechtenstein divided into? : 
what is the national currency of liechtenstein? : swiss franc
has leichtenstein worked to promote the county's image by prosecuting international money-laundering? : yes
what company administers leichtenstein's railways? : austrian federal railways
what percentage of liechtenstein's population is foreign-born? : two-thirds
is there an airport in liechtenstein? : no
is liechtenstein heavily urbanized? : no
is liechtenstein doubly landlocked? : yes
does liechtenstein have an army? : no
when was liechtenstein's current constitution adopted? : october 1921.
what is the official language of liechtenstein? : german
what countries border liechtenstein? : switzerland and austria
what roman province was liechtenstein part of? : raetia
how many municipalities are within oberland? : 
what is the smallest german-speaking country in the world? : liechtenstein
what country enjoys one of the world's highest standards of living? : liechtenstein's population
does the state in lichenstein court rule on the conformity of laws? : yes
the historical society of the principality of liechtenstein plays what? : a role in preserving the culture and history of the country.
is the museum collection also the national art collection of liechtenstein ? : yes
is there a small heliport at balzers in liechtenstein available for charter helicopter flights ? : yes
are nationals referred to by the plural : liechtensteiners ? : yes
is lima the capital of peru? : yes.
is the museum of gold in lima? : yes.
does lima have volleyball venues? : yes.
when was lima founded? : january 18,1535.
where is the park of the reserve located? : near the downtown area.
what is a colectivo? : automobiles that renders express service on some major roads of the lima metropolitan area.
is the national university of san marcos in lima? : yes.
has the san lorenzo megaport project been completed? : no.
how many years ago was the lima stock exchange the most profitable in the world? : three
is lima the capital  and  largest  city  of peru? : yes.
the spanish crown named pizarro governor of what? : hemming.
is it true that the ideas of the enlightenment shaped the development of the city? : yes.
the ideas of the enlightenment shaped the development of what? : the city, lima
are lobsters invertebrates? : yes
are lobsters kosher? : no
do lobsters have blue blood? : yes
how many legs do lobsters have? : 
where are lobsters found? : in all oceans
what is the mean level of mercury in american lobsters? : 31 ppm
do lobsters feel pain? : yes.
did the moche people worship lobsters? : yes.
what is the caridoid escape reaction? : swimming backwards quickly by curling and uncurling their abdomen.
is london the capital of the united kingdom? : yes
does london's population draw from a wide range of religions? : yes
did caunte take control of the english throne in 101? : no
over how many languages are spoken in london? : over 300
what had the anglo-saxons created by the 600s? : by the 600s, the anglo-saxons had created a new s09_settlement called lundenwic.
what city in the uk has been subjected to bouts of terrorism? : london
what countries did james vi of scotland unite? : england and scotland
are the strings of a classical lyre made of gut? : yes
does a classical lyre have a sound-chest? : yes
is lyre played in mordern greece? : no
which part of the strings does the left hand touch in a lyre? : the lower strings
in which place is lyre still played? : north-eastern parts of africa
does a classical lyre have a fingerboard? : yes
is a guitar played with a plectrum like a lyre? : yes
is malay the official language of iraq? : no
could malay have originated from sumatra island? : yes.
is malay an agglutinative language? : yes
what family is malay a member of? : austronesian.
what is the basic word order in malay? : subject verb object
are there many words in malay that use natural gender? : no
is malay in the austronesian family of languages? : yes
is there one negation word in malay? : no
how many parts of speech are there in malay? : four
what is the national language in malaysia? : malay
do linguists consider malay to be a single language? : no
can speakers of modern malay understand old malay? : no
what language besides malay is in the austronesia language family? : malagasy
wasn't malay language found in sumatra? : the malay language was found in sumatra.
wasn't malay language written using pallava? : yes.
is malay spoken as local dialect of ethnic malays? : yes
is malay the one of the most widely spoken languages in the world? : yes
is melbourne the capital and most populous city in the state of victoria? : yes
is melbourne home to australia's busiest seaport? : yes
does melbourne have a large international student community? : yes
what is a resident of melbourne known as? : melburnian
when was melbourne officially declared as a city? : 
how many sister cities does the city of melbourne have? : six
where is melbourne situated? : boundary of the very hot inland areas and the cold southern ocean
how many domestic tourists visit melbourne? : 6 million.
was michael faraday an english chemist? : yes
was faraday a devout christian? : yes
was faraday considered a gentleman? : no
what did joseph henry likely discover? : self-induction
what did the university of oxford grant faraday? : doctor of civil law degree (honorary)
who was made to travel outside the coach? : faraday
did faraday construct the ancestor of modern power generators? : yes
did faraday lecture on education in 1854? : yes
did faraday receive an extensive formal education? : no
did faraday discover the chemical substance benzene? : yes
was faraday born in england? : yes
what do some historians of science refer to faraday as? : best experimentalist in the history of science
who was the sponsor and mentor of faraday? : john 'mad jack' fuller
what did faraday invent that is used almost universally in science laboratories? : the bunsen burner
does the production of chemical weapons raise an ethical issue? : yes
what was the faraday effect first called? : diamagnetism
can you meet someone through attending a church? : yes
what was michael faraday`s birthplace? : newington butts
what was michael faraday`s profession? : chemist and physicist
was education another area  of service  for faraday? : yes
was faraday `s  earliest  chemical  work as an assistant  to davy? : yes
who died at his house at hampton court on august 25, 1867? : faraday
when was michael faraday born? : september 22, 1791
where did he serve two terms? : the church of scotland
who was born in newington butts, near present-day south london, england? : michael faraday
is it true that institution formed the foundation of electric motor technology? : no
institution formed the foundation of what? : modern electromagnetic technology
give an example of the most renowned works of the renaissance. : the statue of david, completed by michelangelo in 1504
was michelangelo's output in every field during his long life prodigious? : yes
did millard filmore die at 11:10 p.m. on march 8, 1874, of the after-effects of a stroke? : yes
what is the remarkable millard fillmore? : a fake biography based on real events that happened in fillmore's life.
did fillmore form a law partnership before or after he founded the private university of buffalo? : before.
did fillmore run for president a second time? : yes
was millard fillmore the thirteenth president of the united states? : yes
was millard fillmore born on january 7, 1800? : yes
did millard fillmore die on march 8, 1974? : no
where was millard fillmore born? : in a log cabin in summerhill, new york
to whom was millard fillmore born to? : to nathaniel and phoebe millard fillmore
who did millard fillmore fall in love with? : abigail powers
what did taylor and fillmore disagree upon? : slavery issues
how did fillmore ascend to the presidency? : null
who was first apprenticed to a fuller to learn the cloth-making trade? : millard fillmore
he founded the private university of buffalo on what date? : 
who or what fell in love with abigail powers? : millard fillmore
was fillmore one of the founders of the university of buffalo? : yes
was another primary objective of fillmore to preserve the union from the intensifying slavery debate? : yes
was fillmore the second chancellor, a position he maintained while both vice president and president? : no
is fillmore the first of two presidents to have been an indentured servant ? : yes
is the comic strip mallard fillmore named after the president ? : yes
was fillmore the first u.s. president born after the death of a former president ? : yes
is english the language most often spoken in montreal? : no, the language most spoken in montreal is french.
is montreal's economy the third largest of all cities in canada? : no, montreal's economy is the second largest of all cities in canada.
is the most popular sport in montreal ice hockey? : yes, the most popular sport in montreal is ice hockey.
how many international airports does montreal have? : montreal has two international airports.
what is the name of the largest church in montreal? : saint joseph's oratory is the largest church in montreal.
where was much of montreal's industry during the late 19th and early-to-mid 20th century? : the sud-ouest borough was home to much of the city's industry during the late 19th and early-to-mid 20th century.
does montreal contain the largest church in canada? : yes, montreal contains the largest church in canada.
what is the largest primarily french-speaking city in the western world? : paris is the largest primarily french-speaking city in the western world.
is nairobi the capital of kenya? : yes
was nairobi founded in 1899? : yes
is the current estimated population of nairobi about 6 milion? : no
what is the current estimated population of nairobi? : about 3 million
in what year was nairobi founded? : 
which embassy in nairobi was bombed in august 1998? : the united states embassy
how many civilians died in the 1998 u.s. embassy bombing? : over two hundred
about how many people are estimated to live in nairobi? :  million
does the name ``nairobi'' come from the maasai phrase enkare nyirobi, which translates to ``the place of cool waters''? : yes.
is nassau sound a body of water in maine? : no
who was fort nassau built by? : the dutch
what is nassau coliseum? : an arena in uniondale, new york, usa
is nassau range the highest mountain range in the world? : no
is nassau county named after a german town? : yes
does the united states have a base near glasgow? : yes
who was born precisely at midnight during an electrical storm , to a serbian family in the village of smiljan near gospic , in the lika region of the croatian krajina in military frontier ( part of the austrian empire ) , in the present-day croatia . ? : nikola tesla
are there at least two films describing tesla 's life ? : yes.
have a number of live theatrical plays based on tesla 's life been produced and staged worldwide ? : yes.
did tesla study electrical engineering? : yes
was tesla born in the united states? : no
was tesla hired by edison? : yes
what is the si unit measuring magnetic flux density or magnetic induction? : the tesla
was tesla regarded as a mad scientist? : yes
what type of current did tesla invent? : ac
who was the victor of the "war of currents"? : nikola tesla
where did tesla study electrical engineering? : the austrian polytechnic in graz
did nikola tesla die alone? : yes
was nikola tesla close friends with mark twain? : yes
did nikola tesla use a technique called picture thinking? : yes
when did nikola tesla appear on the cover of time magazine? : 
who became adversaries with nikola tesla? : edison
where did nikola tesla move to in 1880? : budapest
was nikola tesla's mother illiterate? : yes
how many siblings did nikola tesla have? : 
was nikola tesla a vegetarian? : yes
is there a monument to tesla at niagara falls, new york? : yes
was tesla an american citizen? : yes
was tesla on the cover of time magazine? : yes
when did tesla receive his last patent? : 
what languages did tesla speak? : serbian, czech, english, french, german, hungarian, italian, and latin
did tesla win the nobel prize? : no
was tesla rich at the time of his death? : no
what music group was named after tesla? : tesla
is the octopus a cephalopod? : yes, the octopus is a cephalopod.
does the octopus have two eyes? : yes, the octopus has two eyes.
does the octopus have a hard beak? : yes, the octopus has a hard beak.
where is the mouth of an octopus? : the octopus' mouth is at the center point of the arms.
around how many recognized octopus species are there? : there are around 300 recognized octopus species.
how many arms does an octopus have? : the octopus has four pairs of arms.
what is the range of lifespans of the octopus? : octopuses can live from six months to five years.
what is an example of something an octopus learned in a research experiment? : an octopus learned to solve mazes.
how can an octopus defend against predators? : they can hide, flee, expel ink, or use camouflage.
are octopus highly intelligent? : yes
do males use a specialized arm called a hectocotylus to insert spermatophores? : yes
do the octopuses in the less familiar cirrina suborder have two fins and an internal shell? : yes, the octopuses in the less familiar cirrina suborder have two fins and an internal shell.
do octopuses have two eyes and four pairs of arms? : yes, octopuses have two eyes and four pairs of arms.
is octopus a common food in mediterranean cuisine as well as portuguese cuisine? : yes
is the collective form octopus usually reserved for animals consumed for food? : yes
has an octopus a hard beak, with its mouth at the center point of the arms? : yes
is ottawa the capital of canada? : yes
does ottawa sit on the ottowa river? : yes
do small tremors occur in ottawa? : yes
what are ottawa's primary industries? : logging and lumber
what is ottawa's junior ice hockey team? : the ottawa 67's
what is ottawa's major league hockey team? : the ottawa senators
what are carleton university's athletic teams called? : carleton ravens
is ottawa colder than moscow in january? : yes
is ottawa on a river? : yes
does it snow in ottawa? : yes
was there a cholera outbreak in 1832? : yes
how many townships are in ottawa? : eleven
what's the main highway in ottawa? : highway 417, the queensway
what was ottawa's name in 1850? : bytown
where were immigrants from in the 1800s? : ireland
are there also discussions of having oc transpo light rail and sto transitway networks linking on the gatineau side of the ottawa river ? : yes.
do sea otters have long muscular tails? : no
can otters survive in cold water? : yes
does the giant otter inhabit south africa? : no
how many species of otter are there? : 
what do river otters eat? : river otters eat a variety of fish and shellfish, as well as small land mammals and birds.
how much do sea otters weigh? :  kg (about 65 pounds)
how do sea otters insulate themselves? : a layer of air trapped in their fur(!)
why are sea otters nearly extinct? : they've been hunted for their fur
what is one of the challenges of re-establishing a population of eurasian otters in the uk? : roadkill deaths
is otter a kind of mammal? : yes
how many species and genera does otter have? :  species and 7 genera
do otters live in water? : yes
where do sea otters live? : sea otters (enhydra lutris) live along the pacific coast of north america.
where does the word "otter" derive from? : the word "otter" derives from the old english word otr, otor or oter.
does otter give birth or lay egg? : give birth
what drives sea otter almost to extinction? : humans hunted them almost to extinction.
why otters are considered as totem animals? : the time of year associated with this is also associated with the aquarius sign of the zodiac, through which the sun passes january 20-february 19.
do sea otters live along the pacific coast? : yes
are otters totem animals? : yes
are otters herbivores? : no
what is the primary item in an otter's diet? : fish
what is an otter's den called? : holt
why is the giant otter becoming increasingly rare? : poaching, habitat loss, and toxins in gold mining.
how do otters keep themselves warm without blubber? : a layer of air trapped in their fur.
how are otters playful animals? : the slide down snowy slopes, apparently for sheer enjoyment.
what animals are related to otters? : weasels, polecats, and badgers
what traps a layer of air, and keeps them dry and warm under water? : long guard hair
the collective noun romp is sometimes used for a group of what? : otters
is it true that otters eat a variety of fish? : yes
are otters playful animals? : yes
are otters very active? : yes
are male otters dog-otters? : yes
an otter 's den is what? : a holt
sea otters eat what? : shellfish and other invertebrates
are male otters dog-otters , females are bitches and babies are cubs or pups ? : yes
is an otter 's den called a holt ? : yes
have most otters fish as the primary item in their diet , supplemented by frogs , crayfish and crabs ? : yes
does the giant otter live in south america? : yes
do otters have claws? : yes
do otters eat fish? : yes
why are otters vulnerable to prey depletion? : prey-dependency
do otters enjoy playing? : yes
do sea otters have a layer of fat like whales? : no
is the otter in the same family as the badger? : yes
who was not long in finding another lover, jacqueline roque? : picasso.
when did picasso make his first trip to paris? : 
is in the 1996 movie surviving picasso picasso played by actor anthony hopkins? : yes.
is the u.s. copyright representative for the picasso administration the artists rights society? : yes
do penguins feed on krill? : yes
what is the largest living species of penguin? : emperor
do penguins live almost exclusively in the southern hemisphere? : yes
what is "tobogganing"? : when penguins slide on their bellies across the snow
why are penguins countershaded? : for camouflage
are penguins afraid of humans? : no
how much time to penguins spend on land? : half of their life
how many species of penguins are there? : between 17 and 20 living species
how are isabelline penguins different from most penguins? : they have brown rather than black plumage
are penguins birds? : yes
do penguins have a better than average sense of hearing for birds? : no
are penguins considered "higher waterbirds"? : yes
what order do penguins belong to? : sphenisciformes
how tall were the tallest prehistoric penguins? : 80 meters
what makes penguins so agile in the water? : their wings have become flippers
why do penguins "tobaggan"? : it conserves energy while moving quickly
who spend half of their life on land and half in the oceans? : penguins
what is also the distance that antarctic tourists are told to keep from penguins? :  meters
what have become flippers, useless for flight in the air? : penguins' wings
what happens when mothers lose a chick? : they sometimes attempt to "steal" another chick.
is it true that each penguin gets a turn in the center? : yes
are all penguins countershaded? : yes
are penguins astonishingly agile? : in the water they are.
are penguins at risk? : yes
does the name penguin comes from the latin pinguis , fat ? : yes
have penguins an average sense of hearing for birds ? : yes
can larger penguins dive deep in case of need ? : yes
is the smallest penguin species the little blue penguin -lrb- also known as the fairy penguin -rrb- , which stands around 40 cm tall -lrb- 16 in -rrb- and weighs 1 kg -lrb- 2.2 lb -rrb- ? : yes
are pianos used in western music? : yes
are "upright pianos" called "vertical pianos"? : yes
did bartolomeo cristofori invent the modern piano? : yes
what is the middle pedal called on grand pianos? : sostenuto pedal
how many black keys do modern pianos have? : 
what is the sustain pedal called? : damper pedal
where is irving berlin's piano located? : in the smithsonian museum
what kind of piano did irving berlin play? : transposing piano
is the left-most pedal on a grand piano called the una corda? : yes
is it advantageous for a grand piano's metal plate to be quite massive? : yes
is the mechanism in an upright piano perpendicular to its keys? : yes
about how tall is a typical studio piano? : studio pianos are around 42 to 45 inches tall.
what are a piano's keys generally made of? : piano keys are generally made of spruce or basswood.
how many total keys does a typical modern piano have? :  keys.
why are upright pianos more compact? : upright pianos are more compact because the frame and strings are vertical.
do older pianos have more keys than modern pianos? : many older pianos only have 85 keys.
what are the names of a piano's pedals? : piano pedals from left to right: una corda, sostenuto, and damper.
what happened in the january 15, 1882? : on january 15, 1882 renoir met the composer richard wagner at his home in palermo, sicily.
what happened in 1887? : in 1887, a year when queen victoria celebrated her golden jubilee, and upon the request of the queen's associate, phillip richbourg, he donated several paintings to the "french impressionist paintings" catalog as a token of his loyalty.
is one of the best known impressionist works renoirs 1876 dance at le moulin de la galette? : yes.
was pierre-auguste renoir born in limoges haute-vienne france the child of a working class family? : yes
have two of renoirs paintings sold for more than us0 million? : yes (any painting sells for more than $0 million though...)
did pierre-auguste renoir die in limoges, haute-vienne, france, the child of a working class family? : no
is polar bear a mammal? : yes
is polar bear a carnivore? : yes
what is largest polar bear on record? :  lb
how long is polar bear's guard hair? : -15 cm
what is cause of polar bear's skin diseases? : mites or other parasites
why polar bear is a special species? : the world conservation union listed polar bears as a vulnerable species, one of three sub-categories of threatened status, in may 2006. their latest estimate is that 7 out of 19 subpopulations are declining or already severely reduced.
what do fossil and dna evidence tell us? : the polar bear diverged from the brown bear about 200 thousand years ago.
does a polar bear live in the arctic? : yes
is a polar bear white in color? : yes
is a polar bear at high risk of extinction? : yes
how heavy is a male polar bear? : -600 kg (660-1320 lb)
how heavy was the largest polar bear on record? :  kg (2200 lb)
what does a polar bear's fur provide? : it provides the animal with effective camouflage.
do female polar bears weight more than the male? : no
how much weight do female polar bears gain during pregnancy? : they gain double their weight.
can polar bears be seen under infrared photography? : polar bears are nearly invisible under infrared photography.
what in a polar bear is actually black in color? : a polar bear's skin.
what insulate the polar bear against the cold? : its think blubber and fur.
are polar bears excellent swimmers? : yes
a semi-aquatic marine mammal , the polar bear has what? : it has adapted for life on a combination of land, sea, and ice.
is the polar bear the mascot of bowdoin college ? : yes
are polor bear cubs born in december without awakening the mother ? : yes
is portuguese an official language of andorra? : no, portuguese is not an official language of andorra.
does the portuguese language have its roots in the latin language? : yes, portuguese is derived from latin.
does portuguese contain words from the arabic language? : yes, portuguese contains words from the arabic language.
where are there small portuguese-speaking communities? : there are small portuguese-speaking communities in macau and east timor.
what are the two main groups of portuguese dialects? : the two main groups of dialects are brazil and the old world.
what event marked the end of the old portuguese period? : the end of the old portuguese period was marked by the publication of the cancioneiro geral by garcia de resende.
which government established portuguese as it's third official language in order to meet the requirements to apply for full membership in the cplp? : equatorial guinea
by 2050, what will the total population of portuguese speakers in the world be? :  million people
in which country is portuguese the co-official language with cantonese chinese? : portuguese is the co-official language with cantonese chinese in macau.
wasn't portuguese language spread by arriving roman soldiers? : yes.
is portuguese an official language of several international organizations? : yes.
is it derived from the latin spoken by the romanized pre-roman peoples of the iberian peninsula (namely the gallaeci, the lusitanians, the celtici and the conii) around 2000 years ago? : yes
was it used as the exclusive lingua franca on the island of sri lanka for almost 350 years? : yes
does qatar rank as the eighth richest country in the world per capita? : no
do nearly all qataris profess islam? : yes
can women legally drive in qatar? : yes
when did qatar become an independent state? : september 3, 1971.
where is qatar's telecommunication system centered? : doha
where did a suicide-bombing kill a teacher in 2005? : doha players theatre
what is the arabic word for municipalities? : baladiyah
what universities are in education city in qatar? : carnegie mellon university, georgetown university school of foreign service, texas a&m university, virginia commonwealth university, and cornell university's weill medical college.
what carried with it a tacit recognition of qatar's status as distinct from bahrain? : the british protectorate (per colonel lewis pelly) asking to negotiate with a representative from qatar after bahrain's violation of the 1820 anglo-bahraini treaty.
qatar became an independent sovereign state in what year? : on september 3, 1971.
what consists of a low, barren plain, covered with sand? : much of the country.
how do qatar and the wider region relate? : qatar is aiming to become a role model for economic and social transformation in the region. large scale investment in all social and economic sectors will also lead to the development of a strong financial market.
was qatar university founded in 1973? : yes
is qatar bordered by saudi arabia to the south? : yes
what bordered by saudi? : qatar
who served as the headquarters and one of the main launching sites of the us invasion of iraq in 2003 ? : qatar.
has qatar a modern telecommunication system centered in doha ? : yes
was qatar university founded in 1973 ? : yes
will oil and gas probably remain the backbone of qatar 's economy for some time to come ? : yes
does romania border hungary? : yes.
is romania a secular state? : yes
is the president elected by popular vote in romania? : yes.
how many counties is romania divided into? : 
what is the highest mountain in romania? : moldoveanu peak
what is the official language of romania? : romanian
is the romanian economy doing well? : yes.
are there many roma in romania? : no
how many territories joined to form romania? : 
does romania share a border with ukraine? : yes
did romania declare neutrality during world war i? : yes
does romania share the same language with moldova? : yes
who was the first gymnast to score a perfect "ten"? : nadia comaneci
what is the largest city in romania? : bucharest
what is the largest ethnic minority in romania? : hungarians
how many countries in europe are bigger than romania? : eleven
why doesn't romania have a state religion? : romania is a secular state
why wasn't romania neutral during world war ii? : the soviets threatened invasion.
sibiu, a large city in transylvania, was chosen as european capital of culture in what year? : 
what are approximately 42,000 years old and have been nicknamed`` john of anina''? : the remains (the lower jaw) of the oldest modern human
is it true that romania has a population of 21,698,181? : yes
what did tourism in romania attract in 2005? : investments worth 400 million euros
is romania a semi-presidential unitary state? : yes
was gellu naum the leader of the surrealist movement in romania ? : yes
is romania a country in southeastern europe? : yes
is the city named after the apostle saint peter? : yes.
has the terrain in the city been artificially raised? : yes.
what were some other names of the city? : petrograd and leningrad.
what festival features fireworks  celebrating the end of the school year? : the white nights festival.
where do most people in urban saint petersburg live? : apartments
what was made in russia's largest foundry? : thousands of sculptures and statues.
how to travel to work from the city to moscow? : railway
who laid down the peter and paul fortress? : peter the great
when was the 7th symphony premiered? : 
has equestrianism been a long tradition, popular among the tsars and aristocracy? : yes
give an example of the largest stadiums anywhere in the world, and the home to fc zenit st. petersburg in 1950-1993 and 1995. : kirov stadium (now demolished) was one of the largest stadiums anywhere in the world, and the home to fc zenit st. petersburg in 1950-1993 and 1995.
give an example of the best known symphony orchestras in the world under the leadership of conductors yevgeny mravinsky and yuri temirkanov. : the leningrad philharmonic orchestra
give an example of the longest, most destructive, and most lethal sieges of major cities in modern history. : the siege of leningrad
is the standard of living in san franciscio high? : yes
does san francisco have a high percentage of gay and lesbian individuals? : yes
is san franscico a popular tourist destination? : yes
how large is the population of san francisco? : san francisco has an estimated population of 808,976.
how many state parks are in san francisco? : there is one state park in san francisco.
where is san francisco? : san francisco is in california.
what is the cause of local earthquakes? : the nearby san andreas and hayward faults are responsible for much earthquake activity.
how does poverty in san francisco compare to the nation-wide average? : the city's poverty rate is 11.8% and the number of families in poverty stands at 7.4%, both lower than the national average.
was mission bay campus opened in 2003 : yes
is golden gate park the largest city park : yes
what is northern california's most widely circulated newspaper : san francisco chronicle
what makes san francisco among the top-ten north american destinations for conventions and conferences : a large hotel infrastructure and a world-class convention facility in the moscone center
who manages candlestick point : california state park system
are there any cities named santiago in the united states? : yes
was santiago the name of an indie/punk band? : yes
is santiago a name in spanish? : yes
who has released an album or song named santiago? : the chieftains and loreena mckennitt
what is the order of santiago? : a spanish knightly order
what notable people have been named santiago? : benito santiago, hugo santiago, joey santiago, liliana santiago, rafael santiago maria, santiago caballero, santiago cabrera; james, son of zebedee
do singaporeans enjoy squid? : yes
did singapore's standard of living decrease since independence? : no
did the media contribute 15.6% to singapore's gdp in 2001? : no
how many people use the bus network daily? : more than 2.78 million people.
where did orang laut people live? : orang laut people lived around the coast, rivers and smaller islands.
what is the mrt? : one of three heavy rail passenger transport lines in singapore.
how is singapore's climate characterized? : singapore has a tropical rainforest climate with no distinctive seasons.
how many days did it take the imperial japanese army to win the battle of singapore? :  days
is singapore a city-state? : yes.
has sang nila utama visited singapore? : yes
what does "singa" mean? : lion
when is the first record of settlement in singapore? : second century ad
which nation invaded singapore during world war ii? : japan
why churchill called the occupation of singapor by janpan during wwii "britain's greatest defeat"? : the british were defeated in six days
was lee kuan yew a successful leader of singapore? : yes
when did goh chok tong succeed lee as prime minister? : in 1990, goh chok tong succeeded lee as prime minister.
what is the primary domestic source of water supply? : the primary domestic source of water supply in singapore is rainfall.
what is the national language of singapore? : the national language of singapore is malay.
what is the most densely populated independent country in the world? : monaco
who did sir thomas stamford raffles work for? : british east india company
when was lee kuan yew prime minister of singapore? : 
what is the punishment for first-degree murder in singapore? : null
what established a trading post on the island in 1819? : british east india company
what used singapore as a strategic trading post along the spice route? : british
what became one of the most important commercial and military centres of the british empire? : singapore
is it true that singapore has several long - standing disputes with malaysia? : yes
has singapore changi airport a network of 81 airlines connecting singapore to 185 cities in 58 countries ? : yes
has singapore a network of reservoirs and water catchment areas ? : yes
has urbanization eliminated many areas of former primary rainforest , with the only remaining area of primary rainforest being bukit timah nature reserve ? : yes
is singapore the 17th wealthiest country in the world in terms of gdp per capita? : no
is swahili a bantu language? : yes
did uganda make swahili a required subject in primary schools? : yes, uganda made swahili a required subject in primary schools.
what is the swahili word for the swahili language? : kiswahili
is swahili spoken in mozambique? : yes
how does swahili time run? : from dawn to dusk
how many noun classes does swahili have? : sixteen
in what year did germany seize tanganyika? : 
which is the sub-saharan indigenous language with the greatest number of speakers? : hausa
does the australian black swan have white feathers on its wings? : yes
do swans belong to the family anatidae? : yes
can black swans swim with only one leg? : yes
what are young swans known as? : cygnets
what is the irish legend of the children of lir about? : a stepmother transforming her children into swans for 900 years
what is the sanskrit word for swan? : hamsa or hansa
which album was the song "the bonny swans" from? : the mask and mirror
which ballet by pyotr tchaikovsky is partially based on an ancient german legend about a princess who was turned into a swan? : swan lake
are swan birds of the family anatidae? : yes
do swans feature strongly in mythology? : yes
is the trumpeter swan the largest bird? : it is the largest bird of north america.
what is the name of young swans? : cygnets
where is the word "swan" derived from? : old english swan.
what is the best known story about a swan? : the ugly duckling
are swans and ducks birds of the same family? : yes
what is the name of an adult female? : pen.
what is the color of the australian black swan? : completely black except for the white feathers on its wings
is swedish a descendant of old norse? : yes
does swedish use the perfect participle to form the present perfect tense? : no
how many swedish speakers were reported in canada in 2001? : ,915.00
how many letters are in the basic latin alphabet? : 
when did a standard and common language become available to all swedes? : it was during the 20th century that a common, standardized national language became available to all swedes.
when did the soviet military forces occupy estonia? : in 1944.
what are the differences between english and swedish pronouns? : swedish pronouns are basically the same as those of english but distinguish two genders and have an additional object form, derived from the old dative form, as well as a distinct genitive case.
how does swedish language counterbalance the absence of cases? : the lack of cases in swedish is compensated by a wide variety of prepositions.
is taipei in a valley? : yes
was taipei founded in the 18th century? : yes
is the national palace museum in taipei? : yes
what is along the city's western border? : the danshui river borders taipei to the west.
what is taipei 101? : taipei 101 is a 101-floor landmark skyscraper.
what are some annual festivals in taipei? : some annual festivals include tomb-sweping day, the dragon boat festival, the ghost festival, and the mid-autumn festival.
when is the pacific typhoon season? : it's between june and october.
what does taipei produce? : taipei produces textiles, apparel, electronics, machinery, printed materials, precision equipment, food, and beverages.
was thedore roosevelt  a member of the republican party? : yes
does theodore roosevelt have a brother? : yes
did theodore roosevelt go to harvard? : yes
where was theodore roosevelt born? :  east 20th street in the modern-day gramercy section of new york city
what did roosevelt do to improve his physical condition? : he started boxing
why did roosevelt start boxing lessons? : to deal with bullies
what was the nickname of theodore roosevelt's sister anna? : bamie
what was roosevelt's justification for supporting desegregation of schools in new york? : that his children had been educated with other races and there was nothing wrong with it
how did newspapers respond to roosevelt inviting brooker t. washington to dinner at the white house? : they outraged.
did theodore roosevelt study judo? : no
did roosevelt study biology? : yes
where was theodore roosevelt from? : new york city
who was roosevelt's presidential hero? : lincoln was roosevelt's presidential hero.
when did roosevelt die? : on january 6, 1919, roosevelt died in his sleep.
who helped to fund roosevelt's african safari? : andrew carnegie
did roosevelt support racial integration in schools? : yes
was roosevelt's family rich? : yes
is the tiger a member of the felidar family? : no
are tigers solitary animals? : yes
are panthers a type of tiger? : no
what do tigers' powerfully built legs and shoulders allow tigers to do? : they have the ability to pull down prey substantially heavier than themselves.
what would a tiger do when seized by a crocodile? : strike at the reptile's eyes with its paws
what are the typical features of a tiger country? : good cover, close to water, and plenty of prey
would it be common for tigers to mate in january? : yes
about how many square kilometers would be needed to house 3 female tigers? :  square kilometers
would a tiger be likely to feedon smaller animals, such as mice? : yes
did the predecessors to trumpets have valves? : no
are trumpets constructed of brass? : yes
is the bass trumpet the smallest trumpet? : no
what musical styles is the trumpet used in? : ska, ska punk, classical, jazz, rock, blues, pop, polka, cuban music, mariachi and funk.
what is the most common type of trumpet? : the b trumpet.
how does a trumpet produce sound? : by blowing air through closed lips.
how do trumpets compensate for wolf tones? : somce trumpetes have a slide mechanism built in to compensate.
did miles davis play the trumpet? : yes
does a trumpet have a mellower tone than a cornet? : no
are turtles ectothermic? : yes
does the mother turtle care for the young? : no
are turtles pets? : yes
what shape are the eggs of the larest species of turtle? : spherical
how often do turtles breed? : every few years or more
what do all turtles and tortoises breathe? : air
how do turtles reproduce? : they lay eggs
what has been discovered about turtles organs? : they do not break down
what suborder of turtle draws its head into its shell? : pleurodira
do sea turtles lay eggs on dry sandy beaches? : yes
are pleurodira known as side-necked turtles? : yes
how many suborders are turtles divided into? : three
name a turtle popularly kept as a pet. : russian tortoises
name four related articles for the article on turtles. : triassic, ernst haeckel, kunstformen der natur, animal
if a turtle egg was kept warm, what would likely hatch? : a female turtle
what do turles use to breathe in the water? : papillae
why are side-necked turtles called side-necked turtles? : because of the way they withdraw their heads into their shells.
do turtles lay eggs underwater? : no
are turtle eggs leathery and soft? : yes
are turtles being examined for longevity genes? : yes
what suborder of turtles is extinct? : paracryptodira
what do turtle eggs preared to eat consist mainly of? : yolk
where do sea turtles lay their eggs? : holes dug into mud or sand
what is the smallest suborder of turtles? : pleurodira
what are turtle eggs covered in when they incubate? : mud or sand
what type of creatures breathe air and don't lay eggs underwater? : amnoites
what do turtles deposit in holes dug into mud or sand? : eggs
what sort of turtles are ectothermic? : all of them
are the largest turtles aquatic? : yes
is aquatic respiration in australian freshwater turtles being studied? : yes
the eggs of the largest species of turtle are what? : spherical
has this inspired genetic researchers to begin examining the turtle genome for longevity genes ? : yes
can turtles take many years to reach breeding age ? : yes
are immature sea turtles not cared for by the adults ? : yes
are the pleurodira sometimes known as the side-necked turtles , a reference to the way they withdraw their heads into their shells ? : yes
do scutes fall away from the turtle's shell? : yes, eventually
do terrestrial tortoises have short feet? : yes
how many groups are turtles broken down into? : two
where are the only surviving giant tortoises? : they are on the seychelles and galpagos islands.
how do turtles chew food? : turtles use their jaws to cut and chew food
are tortoises land based? : yes
where are turtle eggs layed? : on land
are testudines the crown group of the superorder chelonia? : yes
do turtles breathe air? : yes
are harvesting wild turtles legal anywhere? : yes
where is harvesting wild turtles legal? : florida
is there a way to approximate the age of a turtle? : yes
can turtles spend all their time underwater? : no
was ulysses grant a general in the american civil war? : yes
was grant's father-in-law a democrat? : yes
did ulysses win the battle of champion hill? : yes
who was grant's brother in law? : fred dent
where was grant born? : point pleasant, ohio
what was grant's political affiliation? : republican
did horace greenley lose in the presidential elections of 1872? : yes
why did grant think that war was unjust? : he accepted the theory that it was designed to gain land open to slavery.
who achieved international fame as the leading union general in the american civil war? : grant
grant was elected president as a republican in what year? : 
who took a hard line that reduced violence by groups like the ku klux klan? : grant
who did president lincoln promote of major general in the regular army, effective july 4? : grant
was grant elected president as a republican? : yes
was grant 's favorite brand of bourbon whiskey old crow ? : yes
is uruguay located in the northwesten part of africa? : no
is uruguay's capital montevideo? : yes
does uruguay have cold summers? : no
who founded montevideo? : by the spanish, in the early 18th century
where is uruguay's oldest church? : san carlos, maldonado
who heavily influenced the architecture and culture of montevideo? : european immigrants
what are poor neighborhoods called informally? : cantegriles.
is uruguay's landscape mountainous? : no.
is uruguay located in south america? : yes
can citizens propose changes to the constitution? : yes
did uruguay host the first ever world cup? : yes
how many square kilometres of continental land is uruguay? : ,214 square kilometres
how much of the population is of white european descent? : %
why was the capital of uruguay founded? : for a military stronghold.
how many times has uruguay won the world cup? : twice.
how much is the average income of an african woman compared to a european man? : african women earns 0.65 * 0.718  = 46.67% of a european man earns in average
does uruguay recognize same-sex civil unions? : yes
does uruguay border french guiana? : no
is uruguay's warmest month june? : no
what religions are found in uruguay? : roman catholic, protestant, jewish
what are the names of uruguay's political parties? : partido blanco and partido colorado
is uruguay the smallest soverign nation in south america? : no
what was founded by the spanish in the early 18th century as a military stronghold? : montevideo
what did uruguay win in 1828? : its independence
is the climate in uruguay temperate? : yes
is the main sport in uruguay football ? : yes
is uruguay 's oldest church in san carlos , maldonado ? : yes
is uruguay a member of the cairns group of exporters of agricultural products ? : yes
is uruguay widely considered the most secular nation in latin america ? : yes
who frequented the circle of the british-australian artist john peter russell? : van gogh
was kee seven years older than van gogh as well as had an eight-year-old son? : yes.
are violinists and fiddlers the same thing? : yes
are violins a single size? : no
are violas and cellos in the same family of instruments as violins? : yes
where does the word "violin" come from? : the middle latin word vitula
what is someone who makes violins called? : a luthier
how many strings does a violin usually have? : four
what are violins made of? : different types of wood
whate is the usual pitch range of a violin? : from g3 to c8
does a violin have four strings? : yes
is the violin supported by the left shoulder? : yes.
is the violin shaped like an hourglass? : yes.
what were strings first made out of? : sheep gut.
what is a violin called informally? : fiddle
what does vitula mean? : stringed instrument.
what is a person that makes or repairs violins called? : luthier
what does the "voice" of a violin depend upon? : shape
is the violin a percussion instrument? : yes
who features violinist boyd tinsley? : dave matthews band features violinist boyd tinsley.
when did charles ix order amati to construct 24 violins for him? : 
is the tuning g-d-a-e used for most violin music? : yes
is it the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola and cello? : yes, it is the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola and cello.
is a violin sometimes informally called a fiddle, regardless of the type of music played on it? : yes.
does the word ``violin'' come from the middle latin word vitula, meaning ``stringed instrument''? : yes.
was woodrow wilson the thirtieth president of the united states? : no
did woodrow wilson create the league of nations? : yes
did the u.s. join the league of nations? : no
where was the league of nations created? : paris
when was woodrow wilson born? : december 28, 1856
who was president when wilson finished congressional government? : grover cleveland
what was more damaging than moving students into colleges? : his confrontation with andrew fleming west
was wilson a member of the phi kappa psi fraternity? : yes
was wilson an automobile enthusiast? : yes
did wilson's father own slaves? : yes
where is wilson buried? : washington national cathedral
where did wilson attend law school? : university of virginia
where was woodrow wilson born? : staunton, virginia
did wilson support desegregation? : no
did wilson support the committee system? : no
did wilson have any siblings? : yes
who did wilson win in 1917? : irish americans
was wilson awarded the 1919 nobel peace prize? : yes
was wilson a remarkably effective writer and thinker? : yes
what lived in columbia? : wilson
was wilson president of the american political science association in 1910 ? : yes
did wilson not spend 1914 through the beginning of 1917 trying to keep america out of the war in europe ? : yes
was wilson , a staunch opponent of antisemitism , sympathetic to the plight of jews , especially in poland and in france ? : yes
are xylophone bars made of rosewood? : yes
is the xylophone a precursor to the vibraphone? : yes
were ancient mallets made of copper? : no
where did the xylophone originate? : indonesia
how are western-style xylophones characterised? : by a bright, sharp tone and high register
can a xylophone be 3 octaves? : yes
can a short bar follow a long bar? : no
did vibraphones exist in 1930? : yes
is the xylophone a musical instrument? : yes.
was the xylophone associated with the folk music of the united states by the 19th century? : no.
was it likely that the xylophone reached europe during the crusades? : yes.
the xylophone is an instrument from what family? : percussion
how do the java and bali use xylophones? : in gamelan ensembles
some versions of xylophones have resonators made of what? : gourds.
which came first, the xylophone or the vibraphone? : the xylophone.
did the golden age of xylophones come before or after the first usage of the european-derived orchestral? : after.
do the different species of zebras interbreed? : no
do zebras sleep standing up? : yes
have plains zebras been crossed with mountain zebras? : yes
how many species of zebra are there? : three
what do zebras eat? : mainly grass
what are zebras hunted for? : skins
what areas do the grevy's zebras inhabit? : semi-arid grasslands of ethiopia and northern kenya
which species of zebra is known as the common zebra? : plains zebra
at what age can a zebra breed? :  or 6
what is the name of the biggest part of the human brain? : the cerebrum
the colored part of the human eye that controls how much light passes through the pupil is called the? : iris
what is the name of the substance that gives skin and hair its pigment? : melanin
the muscles found in the front of your thighs are known as what? : quadriceps
true or false? the two chambers at the bottom of your heart are called ventricles. : true
what substance are nails made of? : keratin
what is the human bodys biggest organ? : the skin
the innermost part of bones contains what? : bone marrow
true or false? an adult human body has over 500 bones. : false (there are 206)
how many lungs does the human body have? : 
another name for your voice box is the? : larynx
the two holes in your nose are called? : nostrils
your tongue is home to special structures that allow you to experience tastes such as sour, sweet, bitter and salty, what is their name? : taste buds
the bones that make up your spine are called what? : vertebrae
the shape of dna is known as? : a double helix
the flow of blood through your heart and around your body is called? : circulation
the bones around your chest that protect organs such as the heart are called what? : ribs
what is the name of the long pipe that shifts food from the back of your throat down to your stomach? : the esophagus
true or false? your ears are important when it comes to staying balanced. : true
the outside layer of skin on the human body is called the? : epidermis
how many planets are there in the solar system? : 
what planet is closest to the sun? : mercury
what is the second planet from the sun? : venus
what is the third planet from the sun? : earth
what is the fourth planet from the sun? : mars
what is the fifth planet from the sun? : jupiter
what is the seventh planet from the sun? : uranus
what is the sixth planet from the sun? : saturn
what is the eighth planet from the sun? : neptune
what is the farthest planet from the sun? : pluto
which planet is not a gas giant? : mars
which planet is not a terrestrial planet? : saturn
what is the most volcanically active body in the solar system? : io
which planet has the largest ring system? : saturn
how much meteoritic material do scientists estimate falls on the earth each day? : more than 1000 tons
which is the densest planet? : earth
what is the largest terrestrial planet? : earth
what is the only known moon of pluto? : charon
what is the earth's radius? :  km
what is the rotational period of earth? :  hours
where is the main asteroid belt in the solar system? : between mars and jupiter
what asteroid was the focus of the near spacecraft? : eros
where do most comets arrive from? : the oort cloud
how long could a long-period comet take to orbit around the sun? :  million years
what is the comet belt outside of pluto's orbit called? : kuiper belt
which is shorter, mercury's day or year? : year
which planet has the hottest temperatures? : venus
how long is mercury's day? :  earth days
which moon is a moon of mars? : phobos
which planet is olympus mons, the highest volcano in the solar system, on? : mars
there are so many schools in the u.s. how do i decide which schools to apply to? : research your options and define your priorities. contact the educationusa advising center nearest you and browse college search engines online. check to see if the schools your are considering are accredited.
whats the difference between a college and a university? : colleges offer only undergraduate degrees while universities offer graduate degrees as well, but the terms are often used interchangeably.
are there age limitations to attend u.s. universities? : in general, you must have completed high school and you must be at least 17 years of age.
what is the academic calendar for universities in the united states? : the academic year usually runs from august through may with breaks for holidays. most universities use either the semester system (two terms), the quarter system (students attend three out of four total terms), or the trimester system (three terms).
what is the difference between "undergraduate" and "graduate" degrees? : undergraduate programs follow high school and lead to an associate (two-year) degree or a bachelor (four-year) degree. graduate programs follow a bachelors degree and lead to a masters or doctoral degree.
what are the different types of undergraduate degrees? : associate: a two-year program that either leads to a specific vocation or transitions to a bachelor program. bachelor: a four or five-year program where students earn credits in a wide variety of courses.
what are the different types of graduate degrees? : masters: two-year degree providing additional specialization. doctorate: five to eight-year program certifying the student as a trained research scholar and/or professor.
is it possible to take a professional degree program without first earning a bachelor's degree? : yes, but they are highly selective and require a heavy courseload across a total of six years of study.
is it possible to obtain a bachelor's degree and a master's degree at the same time? : in a joint-degree program, students begin a graduate program in their fourth year of college, earning both degrees upon graduation.
what is the length of study for mba programs in the u.s.? : mba programs typically last one to two years.
can you work while studying in the united states? : with permission of the international student office, international students may work on campus up to 20 hours/week their first year and can apply to work off-campus in subsequent years.
what is the difference between online studies and distance studies? : essentially there is no difference.
what is distance education? : distance education occurs when a student and an instructor are in different places. learning occurs by mail, telephone, internet, or by other means.
is distance learning available at the graduate level? : yes. to find accredited online distance learning programs, please search the distance education accrediting commission website.
can i transfer to a u.s. university from a university outside of the united states? : yes, although you may lose some credits and require extra time to complete your degree.
what is the transfer application process? : you must fulfill the requirements of a freshman applicant, as well as any supplemental information required by the transfer institution.
what is a community college? : community colleges are typically state-supported and provide the first two years of a four-year undergraduate degree.
why should i attend community college? : community colleges offer lower costs, easier admission policies, close ties to state schools,and many of the required courses connected to a degree.
how do you transfer from a community college to a four-year university? : the transfer process varies for each school. it is best to target the four-year institution early and determine what is needed to transfer.
how can i find out if an institution is accredited? : search the u.s. department of education's office of post-secondary education website to see if an institution is accredited.
how can i find out if a specialized program of study is accredited? : for specialized program accreditation, see accredited institutions of postsecondary education, available from american council on education.
how can i find out which universities are rated best for a specific academic major? : refer to college and university guides to find which institutions are known for excellence in different fields of study.
what are english language proficiency requirements? : u.s. universities require an english language proficiency test before admission to ensure you can read, write, and speak fluently.
i want to study in the united states, but my english proficiency isnt good enough yet. what can i do? : there are a number of programs for english language study in the united states and online, as well as local possibilities.
do students have to study a fixed set of subjects or can they individually form their major? : it depends: some degree programs are highly structured. bachelors' degrees are very flexible and sometimes allow you to create your own program.
when do you declare a major? : you do not declare a major until the end of you second year of school.
what is a liberal arts college? : a liberal arts college offers courses in humanities, languages, math, social and natural sciences, and students take 25-50% of their courses in their major.
what are the benefits of a liberal arts education? : a liberal arts college offers a smaller setting and teaches critical thinking and communication skills necessary in an ever-changing job market.
what is the credit system in u.s. universities? : a credit is a value assigned to each course which reflects the number of hours the class will meet with the professor each week.
what is a gpa? : grade point average (gpa) is a numeric indicator for a student's academic performance, calculated on a scale of 4.0.
what is the u.s. grading system? : letter grades indicate a student's academic performance. each letter grade has a numeric value which is used to calculate a gpa, on a scale of 4.0.
how are grades determined in u.s. universities? : grades are typically determined by quizzes, midterms, final exams, papers, projects, class attendance, and class participation.
what is the difference between state and private universities? : state universities are funded by the state and are generally larger and less expensive than private universities.
are there opportunities for university exchange programs? : contact the office responsible for international programs at your institution to ask if your school has exchange agreements with u.s. universities.
how can an international student find out what academic subjects from their country are acceptable for a u.s. university? : each u.s. university will want to review an international student's subjects and may ask the student to contact a credential evaluation agency.
how can i apply for vocational training in the united states? : u.s. institutions cannot issue i-20 forms for non-degree study, including vocational training. community colleges offer technical/vocational study for an associate's degree.
whats the best general advice for an incoming student? : attend the closest educationusa advising center's predeparture orientation. then, when you arrive on campus, attend all orientation meetings scheduled at your college or university.
can you evaluate my credentials and resume before i apply for the grad program? : few if any institutions will do this. applications usually require a fee and take time to be processed, so pre-approval is generally not feasible.
from whom can i request letters of recommendation? : letters of recommendation can come from past professors, coaches, college advisors or professionals such as a manager or hr manager, etc.
if i get accepted into a graduate program, can i defer the admission? : probably not. for the most part, institutions expect you to reapply if you get accepted into a program but do not register.
is an interview needed for admission into graduate education program? : it depends. some institutions require it, some do not. if it is required, it might be conducted as a group interview for the potential cohort, instead of individually by candidate.
do i qualify for financial aid at the graduate level even if im studying part-time? : yes. federal financial aid requires that students take at least half of the normal course load to qualify. the actual number of courses/ credits depends on the institution and program.
how do departments determine to whom to give assistantships? : the first step is determine your eligibility for the grad program to which you have applied. if you are accepted, your resume and cover letter help determine if you are shortlisted for assistantship, and usually an interview is one of the final stages before a decision is made.
what is the process for applying for financial aid? : typically you wait until you are accepted into a degree program (usually need to be a full-time applicant) and then you can apply for federal (e.g. fafsa), school and third-party organization scholarships, grants (e.g., teach grant), fellowships, loans, etc.
are courses offered for flexible schedules? : courses might be offered in the evenings, weekends or specific seasons. this facilitates flexibility of schedules for students who cannot take the regular class offering.
are graduate degrees in education full-time or can they be taken part-time? : most institutions allow grad students to enroll part-time in at least some semesters. for an education degree, however, there may be some requirement for mandatory full-time sessions such as in a summer semester.
can i start my grad program in the spring or summer semesters, or does it have to be in the fall? : most programs start in the fall, though the option to start in other semesters is possible. talk to your grad advisor. if there is no course sequence to adhere to, the option is more likely.
which takes students more effort  regular courses (on-campus) or online courses? : self-paced online courses offer schedule flexibility but may require more discipline to complete. however, they are typically designed to be the equivalent of their on-campus counterpart courses and so, in theory, should not take more effort.
does my undergraduate degree have to match the subjects i want to teach? : while it helps, this is normally not necessary at the undergrad level. you can specialize at the masters level and gain the necessary knowledge then.
do substitute teachers require a teachers license? : it depends on the state. some states require no license at all. however, there may be certain requirements, including academic achievements, career plans, etc. average of around 4 months.
what food makes up nearly all (around 99%) of a giant pandas diet? : bamboo
true or false? mice live for up to 10 years. : false - captive mice live for up to 2 and a half years while wild mice only live for an average of around 4 months.
what is the name of the phobia that involves an abnormal fear of spiders? : arachnophobia
what is the largest type of big cat in the world? : the tiger, weighing up to 300 kilograms (660 pounds).
true or false? crocodiles have no sweat glands so they use their mouths to release heat. : true - they often sleep with their mouth open to cool down.
are butterflies insects? : yes
what are female elephants called? : cows
true or false? bats are mammals. : true
bees are found on every continent of earth except for one, which is it? : antarctica
true or false? cats spend an average of 13 to 14 hours a day sleeping. : true
what is the fastest land animal in the world? : the cheetah (it can reach speeds of up to 120kph  75mph).
a doe is what kind of animal? : a female deer.
true or false? cougars are herbivores. : false - they are carnivores.
groups of lions are known as what? : prides
is a dolphin a mammal? : yes
what is the largest land animal in the world? : the elephant - the largest on record weighed around 12,000 kilograms! (26,000 lb).
true of false? snakes have slimy skin. : false - snakeskin is smooth and dry.
what is the only continent on earth where giraffes live in the wild? : africa
how many pairs of wings does a bee have? : 
what type of animal is the largest primate in the world? : the gorilla
is a shark a fish or a mammal? : a fish
what is the most recognizable feature of a hedgehogs appearance? : their spines of spiky hair.
true or false? owls are far-sighted, meaning that anything within a few inches of their eyes cant be seen properly. : true
what is the name of an adult female horse? : a mare
what are baby goats called? : kids
what is the tallest animal in the world? : the giraffe - the average height is around 5 metres (16ft) and the tallest on record stood nearly 6 metres (20 ft) tall.
true or false? rabbits are born blind. : true
what is the most recognizable physical feature of the male lion? : its mane
how many legs does a spider have? : 
the crocodile species is believed to have been around for how long? 2 million years or 200 million years :  million years
a thermometer is a device used to measure what? : temperature
stratus, cirrus, cumulus and nimbus are types of what? : clouds
what country experiences the most tornadoes? : usa
true or false? a rainbow is a spectrum of light that appears when the sun shines onto water droplets in the air. : true
blizzards feature low temperatures, strong winds and heavy _______? : snow
breeze and gale are common terms used to describe the speed of what? : wind
earths recent temperature rises which have been linked to human activity is known as global _______? : warming
true or false? the highest recorded temperature on earth of 57.8 c (136 f) was recorded in tirat tsvi, israel. : false (al 'aziziyah, libya)
what is the name of a scientist who studies weather? : a meteorologist
what is the driest desert on earth, the sahara, the kalahari or the atacama? : the atacama desert
true or false? the lowest recorded temperature on earth of 89.2 c (-128.6 f) was recorded at vostok station, antarctica : true
balls or irregular lumps of ice that fall from clouds (often during thunderstorms) are known as what? : hail stones
an avalanche features the rapid descent of _______? : snow
true of false? the most rain fall ever recorded in one year (cherrapunji, india) is more than 30 meters. : false (25.4 meters)
what is the name of a weather instrument used to measure atmospheric pressure? : a barometer
an anemometer is used to measure what? : wind speed
at what temperature is centigrade equal to fahrenheit? : -40 degrees
trying to predict the weather is known as weather _______? : forecasting
the area of central usa that features many tornadoes is known as tornado _______? : alley
true or false? you see lightning and hear thunder. : true
what is artificial intelligence? : artificial intelligence is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machine that work and reacts like humans.
what is an artificial intelligence neural networks? : artificial intelligence neural networks can model mathematically the way biological brain works, allowing the machine to think and learn the same way the humans do- making them capable of recognizing things like speech, objects and animals like we do.
what are the various areas where ai (artificial intelligence) can be used? : artificial intelligence can be used in many areas like computing, speech recognition, bio-informatics, humanoid robot, computer software, space and aeronauticss etc.
which is not commonly used programming language for ai? : perl language is not commonly used programming language for ai
what is prolog in ai? : in ai, prolog is a programming language based on logic.
give an explanation on the difference between strong ai and weak ai? : strong ai makes strong claims that computers can be made to think on a level equal to humans while weak ai simply predicts that some features that are resembling to human intelligence can be incorporated to computer to make it more useful tools.
mention the difference between statistical ai and classical ai ? : statistical ai is more concerned with inductive thought like given a set of pattern, induce the trend etc. while, classical ai, on the other hand, is more concerned with  deductive thought given as a set of constraints, deduce a conclusion etc.
what is alternate, artificial, compound and natural key? : alternate key: excluding primary keys all candidate keys are known as alternate keys. artificial key: if no obvious key either stands alone or compound is available, then the last resort is to, simply create a key, by assigning a number to each record or occurrence. this is known as artificial key. compound key: when there is no single data element that uniquely defines the occurrence within a construct, then integrating multiple elements to create a unique identifier for the construct is known as compound key. natural key: natural key is one of the data element that is stored within a construct, and which is utilized as the primary key.
what does a production rule consist of? : the production rule comprises of a set of rule and a sequence of steps.
which search method takes less memory? : the depth first search method takes less memory.
which is the best way to go for game playing problem? : heuristic approach is the best way to go for game playing problem, as it will use the technique based on intelligent guesswork. for example, chess between humans and computers as it will use brute force computation, looking at hundreds of thousands of positions.
a* algorithm is based on which search method? : a* algorithm is based on best first search method, as it gives an idea of optimization and quick choose of path, and all characteristics lie in a* algorithm.
what does a hybrid bayesian network contain? : a hybrid bayesian network contains both a discrete and continuous variables.
what is agent in artificial intelligence? : anything perceives its environment by sensors and acts upon an environment by effectors are known as agent. agent includes robots, programs, and humans etc.
what does partial order or planning involve? : in partial order planning , rather than searching over possible situation it involves searching over the space of possible plans. the idea is to construct a plan piece by piece.
what are the two different kinds of steps that we can take in constructing a plan? : a) add an operator (action) b) add an ordering constraint between operators
which property is considered as not a desirable property of a logical rule-based system? : attachment is considered as not a desirable property of a logical rule based system.
what is neural network in artificial intelligence? : in artificial intelligence, neural network is an emulation of a biological neural system, which receives the data, process the data and gives the output based on the algorithm and empirical data.
when an algorithm is considered completed? : an algorithm is said completed when it terminates with a solution when one exists.
what is a heuristic function? : a heuristic function ranks alternatives, in search algorithms, at each branching step based on the available information to decide which branch to follow.
what is the function of the third component of the planning system? : in a planning system, the function of the third component is to detect when a solution to problem has been found.
what is generality in ai ? : generality is the measure of ease with which the method can be adapted to different domains of application.
what is a top-down parser? : a top-down parser begins by hypothesizing a sentence and successively predicting lower level constituents until individual pre-terminal symbols are written.
mention the difference between breadth first search and best first search in artificial intelligence? : these are the two strategies which are quite similar. in best first search, we expand the nodes in accordance with the evaluation function. while, in breadth first search a node is expanded in accordance to the cost function of the parent node.
what are frames and scripts in artificial intelligence? : frames are a variant of semantic networks which is one of the popular ways of presenting nonprocedural knowledge in an expert system. a frame which is an artificial data structure is used to divide knowledge into substructure by representing stereotyped situations. scripts are similar to frames, except the values that fill the slots must be ordered. scripts are used in natural language understanding systems to organize a knowledge base in terms of the situation that the system should understand.
what is fopl stands for and explain its role in artificial intelligence? : fopl stands for first order predicate logic, predicate logic provides a) a language to express assertions about certain world b) an inference system to deductive apparatus whereby we may draw conclusions from such assertion c) a semantic based on set theory
what does the language of fopl consists of? : a) a set of constant symbols b) a set of variables c) a set of predicate symbols d) a set of function symbols e) the logical connective f) the universal quantifier and existential qualifier g) a special binary relation of equality
for online search in artificial intelligence which search agent operates by interleaving computation and action? : in online search, it will first take action and then observes the environment.
which search algorithm will use a limited amount of memory in online search? : rbfe and sma* will solve any kind of problem that a* cant by using a limited amount of memory.
in artificial intelligence where you can use the bayes rule? : in artificial intelligence to answer the probabilistic queries conditioned on one piece of evidence, bayes rule can be used.
for building a bayes model how many terms are required? : for building a bayes model in ai, three terms are required; they are one conditional probability and two unconditional probability.
while creating bayesian network what is the consequence between a node and its predecessors? : while creating bayesian network, the consequence between a node and its predecessors is that a node can be conditionally independent of its predecessors.
to answer any query how the bayesian network can be used? : if a bayesian network is a representative of the joint distribution, then by summing all the relevant joint entries, it can solve any query.
what combines inductive methods with the power of first order representations? : inductive logic programming combines inductive methods with the power of first order representations.
in inductive logic programming what needed to be satisfied? : the objective of an inductive logic programming is to come up with a set of sentences for the hypothesis such that the entailment constraint is satisfied.
in top-down inductive learning methods how many literals are available? what are they? : there are three literals available in top-down inductive learning methods they are a) predicates b) equality and inequality c) arithmetic literals
which algorithm inverts a complete resolution strategy? : inverse resolution inverts a complete resolution, as it is a complete algorithm for learning first order theories.
in speech recognition what kind of signal is used? : in speech recognition, acoustic signal is used to identify a sequence of words.
in speech recognition which model gives the probability of each word following each word? : biagram model gives the probability of each word following each other word in speech recognition.
which algorithm is used for solving temporal probabilistic reasoning? : to solve temporal probabilistic reasoning, hmm (hidden markov model) is used, independent of transition and sensor model.
what is hidden markov model (hmms) is used? : hidden markov models are a ubiquitous tool for modelling time series data or to model sequence behaviour. they are used in almost all current speech recognition systems.
in hidden markov model, how does the state of the process is described? : the state of the process in hmms model is described by a single discrete random variable.
in hmms, what are the possible values of the variable? : possible states of the world is the possible values of the variable in hmms.
in hmm, where does the additional variable is added? : while staying within the hmm network, the additional state variables can be added to a temporal model.
in artificial intelligence, what do semantic analyses used for? : in artificial intelligence, to extract the meaning from the group of sentences semantic analysis is used.
what is meant by compositional semantics? : the process of determining the meaning of p*q from p,q and* is known as compositional semantics.
how logical inference can be solved in propositional logic? : in propositional logic, logical inference algorithm can be solved by using a) logical equivalence b) validity c) satisfying ability
which process makes different logical expression looks identical? : unification process makes different logical expressions identical. lifted inferences require finding substitute which can make a different expression looks identical. this process is called unification.
which algorithm in unification and lifting takes two sentences and returns a unifier? : in unification and lifting the algorithm that takes two sentences and returns a unifier is unify algorithm.
which is the most straight forward approach for planning algorithm? : state space search is the most straight forward approach for planning algorithm because it takes account of everything for finding a solution.
my computer does not turn on, what do i do now? : first check the computer's power cord to make sure it is completely plugged into the wall socket.
what do i do when my computer crashes? : when your computer no longer responds to keyboard commands your best bet is to restart the computer.
what do i do if my hard disk fails to work? : as with most computer errors, your first step is to shut down your computer and restart it.
there is no display on the monitor, what do i do now? : make sure the monitor is on. if no power light (green or orange light) is seen on the monitor display try pressing the power button until it comes on.
what do i do if the image on screen is distorted or skewed? : disconnect the video cable going from the back of the computer and verify that no pins are bent, burnt or broken. verify no speakers, fans or other magnetic devices are close to the monitor.
i get a 'no signal input' message, what do i do? : verify that the monitor is properly connected in the back of the monitor as well as to the back of the computer.
there are black borders on my screen, what do i do? : if this occurs, the resolution can be changed back to the original setting or you can manually adjust the monitor.
why is my mouse acting erratically? : users who have an optical mechanical mouse (most common mouse for desktop computers) are likely experiencing erratic behaviour because the mouse is not clean or is dirty.
the wheel on my mouse isn't working properly, what do i do? : if you're running any version of microsoft windows and are encountering issues with the mouse wheel, first attempt to adjust the mouse settings through the mouse properties window. this window can be accessed by opening the control panel and double-clicking the mouse icon.
how can i clean my keyboard? : the keys on a keyboard are only clipped on, with a knife or other thin object, carefully pop the keys off, this will allow you to clean under the keys as well as cleaning the keys themselves.
how do i get into safe mode? : to get into the windows 7 / 10 safe mode, as the computer is starting up press and hold your "f8 key" which should bring up the "windows advanced options menu". use your arrow keys to move to "safe mode" and press your enter key.
i can't delete a file because it is being used by windows? : close all programs running on the computer and try again.
how can i update my microsoft windows computer? : if you are running microsoft windows 7, windows 10, or a later version of microsoft windows, you are eligible to update microsoft windows, and in some cases, your computer hardware with the latest drivers through microsoft's update site, visit http://windowsupdate.microsoft.com
is it safe to turn off a windows computer without doing a shut down? : users should not simply press the power button or restart the computer while windows is still running unless there is an issue with the computer.
how can i recover a file from the recycle bin? : double click the recycle bin icon on your desktop, here you will see all of the files within your bin. select the files you wish to recover, right click and choose restore.
i am unable to send or receive email? : verify that your computer is able to see the internet and/or other computers to ensure that your computer is not encountering a connection issue, which would be causing your e-mail issue. ensure that your internet e-mail server or your network e-mail server is not encountering issues by contacting either your internet service provider or your network administrator.
i can't receive any email attachments? : if the e-mail box is full of other e-mail messages, and/or your storage space is only a few megabytes, it's possible that the attachment being sent cannot be received.
are spaces allowed in email addresses? : just like an internet url no spaces are allowed in an e-mail address.
my printer is printing smudged/distorted pages? : your printer may be printing fuzzy, blurry, and/or other faint text because of dirty print heads.
how do i fix a paper jam? : turn off the printer. inspect the location or tray the printed paper ejects to. if the stuck paper is visible manually remove it. remove all paper trays and any paper that may be stuck between the tray and the printer. if the stuck paper is visible manually remove it. open the printer door that allows you access to the printer ink cartridges or toner and look for any stuck paper. if the stuck paper is visible manually remove it. turn the printer back on.
i lost my printer installation disk, how can i install my printer? : today all printer and other hardware manufacturers are providing downloads on the internet to their software programs and drivers that are included with their products.
i can't connect to my network drive anymore? : verify that the network cable is properly connected to the back of the computer. in addition, when checking the connection of the network cable, ensure that the led's on the network are properly illuminated.
how do i map a network drive? : open microsoft explorer. from explorer, click the tools drop down menu and click the option "map network drive." specify the network drive or network computer as the folder.
how do i determine my computer's name? : right-click my computer. click properties. in the properties window, click the computer name tab. within this tab you'll be able to see the full computer name, workgroup and also a description.
what is a computer virus? : a computer virus is a software program that has been intentionally created to cause a user grief, spread to other computers, or destroy data on an individual's computer.
does windows come with a virus protection program? : all versions of microsoft windows do not come pre-installed with a virus protection program. this includes: microsoft windows 7 and windows 10.
can a virus damage computer hardware? : no. computer viruses are software code designed to spread to computer files and other computers, delete files, and cause other problems with the data on the computer.
if i format or erase my hard drive will it remove a virus? : if your computer is infected with a virus formatting or erasing the hard disk drive and starting over will almost always remove any type of virus.
how do i delete internet cookies? : microsoft internet explorer users can go to 'tools' (or the little cog icon in the top left), then go to 'safety' and choose 'delete browsing history...', you can then choose to delete your internet cookies. in google chrome, go to 'more tools' and choose 'clear browsing data...'. firefox users can go to 'history', then choose 'clear recent history...'.
what are the penalties for installing software without being legally licensed? : fines may be levied by license holders against the individual, department, or institution of up to three times the full price of the software, for each instance where the software was illegally installed.
may i install software on my computer that is not supported by uncg? : for information about installing unsupported software, read: installing unsupported applications on your workstation.
how can i make a suggestion for an application for its to buy for campus? : to make software suggestions, contact 6-tech at 336-256-tech (8324)
why can't i see a program that i know is on the network? : not everyone has access to all of the same software. because of budgetary rules, software which is bought with "student fee" money may only be used by units
can i buy software at a discount from its? : its is pleased to be able to offer a number of software titles for purchase at reduced rates to campus affiliates. for information on current offerings see the software purchases page.
i need to reinstall the software; how do i get more downloads? : you do not need to download the software from the store every time you need to install it.
where do i find the code to activate my software? : you can access all the information related to your completed orders, including the product keys and activation codes, in the your account/orders section of the webstore.
read&write is prompting me for an activation code. what do i do? : just click "activate" when you are prompted. the serial number is embedded and you don't need to enter a new one, although it appears to prompt for one.
what is the difference between 32-bit and 64-bit versions of windows? : the terms 32-bit and 64-bit refer to the way a computer's processor (also called a cpu), handles information. the 64-bit version of windows handles large amounts of random access memory (ram) more effectively than a 32-bit system.
which version of windows should i install? : to install a 64-bit version of windows, you need a cpu that's capable of running a 64-bit version of windows. the benefits of using a 64-bit operating system are most apparent when you have a large amount of random access memory (ram) installed on your computer, typically 4 gb of ram or more. in such cases, because a 64-bit operating system can handle large amounts of memory more efficiently than a 32-bit operating system, a 64-bit system can be more responsive when running several programs at the same time and switching between them frequently.
how can i tell which version my computer is running? : to find out if your computer is running a 32-bit or 64-bit version of windows in windows 7 or windows vista: open system by clicking the start button, right-clicking computer, and then clicking properties. under system, you can view the system type.
what is an object server? : with an object server, the client/server application is written as a set of communicating objects.
what is mail gateway? : it is a system that performs a protocol translation between different electronic mail delivery protocols.
what is rip (routing information protocol)? : it is a simple protocol used to exchange information between the routers.
what is nvt (network virtual terminal)? : it is a set of rules defining a very simple virtual terminal interaction. the nvt is used in the start of a telnet session.
what is source route? : it is a sequence of ip addresses identifying the route a datagram must follow. a source route may optionally be included in an ip datagram header.
what is bgp (border gateway protocol)? : it is a protocol used to advertise the set of networks that can be reached with in an autonomous system. bgp enables this information to be shared with the autonomous system. this is newer than egp (exterior gateway protocol).
what is gateway-to-gateway protocol? : it is a protocol formerly used to exchange routing information between internet core routers.
what is a transaction server? : with a transaction server, the client invokes remote procedures that reside on the server with an sql database engine.
what is a database server? : with a database server, the client passes sql requests as messages to the database server. the results of each sql command are returned over the network.
what are the most typical functional units of the client/server applications? : user interface, business logic and shared data.
what are all the extended services provided by the os? : ubiquitous communications, network os extension, binary large objects (blobs).global directories and network yellow pages.
what are triggers and rules? : triggers are special user defined actions usually in the form of stored procedures, that are automatically invoked by the server based on data related events. .
what is meant by transparency? : transparency really means hiding the network and its servers from the users and even the application programmers.
what are tp-lite and tp-heavy monitors? : tp-lite is simply the integration of tp monitor functions in the database engines. tp-heavy are tp monitors which supports the client/server architecture and allow pc to initiate some very complex multiserver transaction from the desktop.
what are the two types of oltp? : tp lite, based on stored procedures. tp heavy, based on the tp monitors.
what is a web server? : this new model of client/server consists of thin, protable, "universal" clients that talk to superfat servers. in the simplest form, a web server returns documents when clients ask for them by name. the clients and server communicate using an rpc-like protocol called http.
what are super servers? : these are fully-loaded machines which includes multiprocessors, high-speed disk arrays for interview i/o and fault tolerant features.
what is a tp monitor? : there is no commonly accepted definition for a tp monitor. according to jeri edwards' a tp monitor is "an os for transaction processing".
tp monitor does mainly two things extremely well. they are process management and transaction management.? : they were originally introduced to run classes of applications that could service hundreds and sometimes thousands of clients. tp monitors provide an os - on top of existing os - that connects in real time these thousands of humans with a pool of shared server processes.
what is meant by asymmetrical protocols? : there is a many-to-one relationship between clients and server. clients always initiate the dialog by requesting a service. servers are passively awaiting for requests from clients.
what is the difference between trigger and rule? : the triggers are called implicitly by database generated events, while stored procedures are called explicitly by client applications.
what are called transactions? : the grouped sql statements are called transactions (or) a transaction is a collection of actions embused with acid properties.
what are the building blocks of client/server? : the client,the server and middleware.
explain the building blocks of client/server? : the client side building block runs the client side of the application and the server side building block runs the server side of the application.
the middleware buliding block runs on both the client and server sides of an application. it  broken into three categories? : transport stack, network os service-specific middleware.
what are all the base services provided by the os? : task preemption, task priority, semaphores, interprocess communications (ipc) local/remote interprocess communication.
what is structured query?langauge?(sql)? : sql is a powerful set-oriented language which was developed by ibm research for the databases that adhere to the relational model.
what is remote procedure call (rpc)? : rpc hides the intricacies of the network by using the ordinary procedure call mechanism familiar to every programmer.
what are the main components of transaction-based systems? : resource manager, transaction manager and application program.
what are the three types of sql database server architecture? : process-per-client architecture. (example: oracle 6, informix )multithreaded architecture. (example: sybase, sql server) hybrid architecture.
what are non-gui clients? : non-gui client: these are applications, generate server requests with a minimal amount of man interaction.
what are gui clients? : gui clients: these are applicatoins, where occassional requests to the server result from a human interacting with a gui (example: windows 3.x, nt 3.5
what are ooui clients? : ooui clients : these are applications, which are highly-iconic, object-oriented user interface that provides seamless access to information in very visual formats. (example: mac os, windows 95, nt 4.0)
what is message oriented middleware (mom)? : ooui clients : these are applications, which are highly-iconic, object-oriented user interface that provides seamless access to information in very visual formats.
what is meant by middleware? : middleware is a distributed software needed to support interaction between clients and servers. in short, it is the software that is in the middle of the client/server systems and it acts as a bridge between the clients and servers.
what are the functions of the typical server program? : it waits for client-initiated requests. executes many requests at the same time. takes care of vip clients first. initiates and runs background task activity. keeps running. grown bigger and faster.
what is meant by symmentric multiprocessing (smp)? : it treats all processors as equal. any processor can do the work of any other processor. applications are divided into threads that can run concurrently on any available processor.
what are general middleware? : it includes the communication stacks, distributed directories, authentication services, network time, rpc, queuing services along with the network os extensions such as the distributed file and print services.
what are service-specific middleware? : database specific middleware,oltp specific middleware,groupware specific middleware.
what is meant by asymmetric multiprocessing (amp)? : it imposses hierarchy and a division of labour among processors. only one designated processor, the master, controls (in a tightly coupled arrangement) slave processors dedicated to specific functions.
what is oltp? : in the transaction server, the client component usually includes gui and the server components usually consists of sql transactions against a database.
how to sign in to gmail? : on your computer, go to gmail.com. enter your google account/phone number and password. if information is already filled in and you want to sign into a different account, click use another account.
how to add or remove inbox categories & tabs in gmail? : on your computer, open gmail. click settings on the top right. click the inbox tab. in the "inbox" type section, select default. in the "categories" section, check the tabs you want shown
how to change your gmail settings? : on your computer, open gmail. click settings on the top right. at the top, choose a settings page such as general, labels or inbox. make you changes and save your changes at the bottom when done.
how to change email notifications? : on your computer, open gmail. click settings on the top right. scroll down to desktop notifications section. select new mail notifications on, important mail notifications on or mail notifications. save your changes.
how to send and open confidential emails? : on your computer, open gmail. click compose. in the bottom right window, click turn on confidential mode (if already on, go to the bottom of the mail and click edit). select an expiration date and passcode. if you choose "no sms passcode", gmail recipients will be able to open it directly. non-gmail recipients will get emailed a passcode. if you choose otherwise, recipients will be sent a passcode by text message. make sure you enter the recipients phone number and not your own. click save
how to use smart compose? : in the top right corner, click settings. if you haven't updated gmail, click try the new gmail. under "general" scroll down to smart compose. to turn on or off, click to choose writing suggestions on or off.
forgotten my password : to change a forgetting password, click on forgot password link and follow the recovery steps
how do i get help and support? : the best source is the google help center. this provides online articles and troubleshooters that cover most everything you might need to know about gmail. next would be to enter your question in the google help forum search bar. where you can get answers to faqs or answers from other google users.
my account was hacked, how do i get it back? : if you are unable to log into your account, you will need to go to https://accounts.google.com/signin/recovery.there you will have one or more of the following options; using a pre-configured recovery phone, using a pre-configured recovery email or prove ownership by answering questions about the google account. "if google couldn't verify you" it means you have not been able to prove account ownership and repeating the process will not help unless you can provide more accurate information. there are no other options for account recovery, and google will not return an account unless you can prove ownership of it. if all three of the above fail then the account is probably lost.
my password no longer works, how do i get a new one? : if you are unable to log into your account, you will need to go to https://accounts.google.com/signin/recovery.there you will have one or more of the following options; using a pre-configured recovery phone, using a pre-configured recovery email or prove ownership by answering questions about the google account. "if google couldn't verify you" it means you have not been able to prove account ownership and repeating the process will not help unless you can provide more accurate information. there are no other options for account recovery, and google will not return an account unless you can prove ownership of it. if all three of the above fail then the account is probably lost.
why am i receiving e-mail to an address similar to my own? : gmail ignores both dots "." and caps in both account creation and e-mail delivery.  that means first.last@, firstlast@, and first.last@ all represent the same account.  if you receive e-mail intended for someone else then either the sender accidentally used the wrong e-mail address, or they were given the wrong e-mail address.
why am i receiving e-mail addressed to an address different than mine? : if you receive e-mail intended for someone else using an address with different characters or numbers in the address, it could be because your address is in the bcc field (very common for spam) or because the receiver made an error in auto-forwarding sending them to the wrong account.
my account may have been accessed by someone else, how to i secure it? : in order to fully secure your account you must check both your gmail account settings (gmail security checklist) and your google account settings (account security checkup).
how do i change my gmail account password? : to change your gmail password, use a browser to log into the gmail web interface at https://mail.google.com/ then go to:  settings -> accounts -> change account settings -> change password.
how do i make a password no-one can hack? : pick a strong password including letters, numbers and other allowed symbols, and keep it just for gmail - don't use it on other sites.
how do i sign into a different gmail account? : to switch the account you are viewing, start by signing out of whatever account you are in, then go to https://mail.google.com/ and sign into the account you want to access. to sign in into another account you own in addition to the current one, click on your picture/avatar in the upper/right and select "add account" from the drop-down panel.
how do i recover deleted messages? : the answer to this is dependent on when (less or more than 30 days) and why (by you or due to a compromised account) the messages were deleted.
google says i have violated the terms of service (tos). what do i do? : if you are notified that your account has been disabled and you feel it is a mistake, a link will be provided under "next steps for disabled accounts" where you may submit an appeal.
i can't set up a send mail as address in gmail for my non-google email account. : for all non-google email accounts you must ask your other provider for the smtp server name, port number and security setting they require you to use, and enter that information in the set-up boxes. if your "other account" is only a forwarding address and has no entitlement to use an smtp server, then you cannot set it up as a send mail as address in gmail
how do i make sure that all contacts on my phone get synced to my google account and can be recovered if i lose them from the phone? : to sync to your google account when sync contacts is turned on, all contacts created on your phone must be tagged with the google contact type. some phones provide this as the default - others, notably samsung, require you to select the google contact type every time. if you do not do that, then the contact will only be saved on your phone, will not sync to your google account, and will be lost if you reset your phone or change phones.
why can't i get or send my gmail messages with my outlook/thunderbird/apple mail/windows mail clients? i get an error message. : gmail recently enforced a higher security sign in procedure no longer using oauth as the default access method. while developers have received warning from google, not all e-mail clients and apps have been updated to use the new protocol. to allow your email client apps to continue to sign in to gmail the old way, you need to turn on access for these "less secure apps" in your gmail security settings.
can i use google products without a google account? : yes. you can do things like search on google and watch youtube videos that aren't age-restricted without signing in to a google account.
can i use google products without a google profile? : yes. a google profile is only necessary if you want to share publicly or engage with content on google+. a profile helps you communicate with the people you know from a variety of google products " for example, sharing driving directions from google maps or sharing a video from youtube. your google profile lets you control the details you share about yourself, not only on google+ but through services like gmail and web search.
is my google profile visible to everyone on the web? : yes, but you can choose how much or how little to share. the name is the only part of a profile that must be public. if you choose to share other information, such as interests, hometown or email address, you can decide who gets to see it. on your profile and privacy settings page, you can change the information on your profile, as well as who can see what details. learn more about sharing informationon google+.
will my gmail address or other contact information be visible on the web? : your gmail address and other contact information will not be public on your profile by default. if you want to share this information with others, you can share it with certain contacts or make it public by managing your profile settings.
what does it mean that google may use my information to personalize content and ads on non-google websites? : personalization on non-google websites allows google to tailor ads to you across the web, based on your google profile.
why do i see my profile picture and name sometimes when i sign in? : to help make sign-in easier and more personal, you may see a screen with your profile picture and full name when signing in to google. we'll only show this information if you are signing in from a location or device you've signed in from before, like your home computer. also, if you have multiple google accounts (for example, personal and work), you can set up different profile pictures for each of your accounts to easily tell them apart. you can always change your profile photo if you want a different image to show, or you can remove your photo from profile settings if you don't want your profile picture to appear at all.
what is the google sign-in process like? : when you sign in to google, you'll first enter your email address or phone number, and select next. then, you'll enter your password and select next. if you're a 2-step verification user or signing in from a new device, you might be asked to complete additional steps to verify your identity. to help make sign-in more personal, you may see a screen with your profile picture and full name when signing in to google. we'll only show this information if you are signing in from a location or device you've signed in from before, like your home computer.
is my google account username the same as my gmail username? : your google account username is your username across all of google, including gmail. you can sign in to any google service with your google account username and password.
how will google use my email address? : we'll use your new gmail address to send you notifications from google services. however, we may use your other email address to help you get back into your account if you lose your password, or for certain notifications such as if we suspect that your account has been compromised.
why do i get a gmail address with my google account? : we like gmail a lot, and if you try it out, we hope you will too! however, if you decide not to use gmail, and instead want a different email address associated with your google account, you can cancel your gmail address.
can i sign in to my google account with my current, non-gmail email address? : if you'd like to sign in with your current email address, you can always add an alternate email address to your account. that way, you can sign in to your google account with either your alternate email address or your primary gmail address.
how can i stop automatically signing in to my account? : after you sign in to your google account, you'll stay signed in unless you specifically sign out. to sign in temporarily on a computer, phone, or tablet, you can browse privately.
how can i change my search history settings? : search history helps deliver more personalized search results based on your web activity, including your previous searches. when you sign up for a google account, search history is automatically enabled. you can turn search history on or off at any time. to view, control, and delete your saved activity, visit my activity.
how can i remove information about myself from google's search results? : google search results are a reflection of the content publicly available on the web. search engines can't remove content directly from websites, so removing search results from google wouldn't remove the content from the web. if you want to remove something from the web, you should contact the webmaster of the site the content is posted on and ask him or her to make a change. once the content has been removed and google has noted the update, the information will no longer appear in google's search results.
are my search queries sent to websites when i click on google search results? : in some cases, yes. when you click on a search result in google search, your web browser also may send the internet address, or url, of the search results page to the destination webpage as the referrer url. the url of the search results page may sometimes contain the search query you entered. if you are using ssl search (google's encrypted search functionality), under most circumstances, your search terms will not be sent as part of the url in the referrer url. there are some exceptions to this behaviour, such as if you are using some less popular browsers. more information on ssl search can be found here. search queries or information contained in the referrer url may be available via google analytics or an application programming interface (api). in addition, advertisers may receive information relating to the exact keywords that triggered an ad click.
how do i update google chrome? : normally updates happen in the background when you close and reopen your computer's browser. but if you haven't closed your browser in a while, you might see a pending update: on your computer, open chrome. at the top right look at the menu icon. if an update is pending the icon will be coloured (either green, orange or red). to update, click the menu icon, click update google chrome then relaunch.
how can i remove unwanted ads, pop-ups & malware? : if you're seeing some of these problems with chrome, you might have unwanted software or malware installed on your computer; pop-up ads and new tabs that won't go away, unwanted chrome extensions keep coming back, alerts about virus or an infected device, your browsing is hijacked, and redirects to unfamiliar pages or ads, your chrome homepage or search engine keeps changing without your permission. in the future, avoid these issues by only downloading files or visiting sites that you know are secure. to determine a secure site, look at the address bar of your browser. if it has a closed padlock icon then the site is secure.
how can i delete my browsing data? : if you sync a type of data, like history or passwords, deleting it on your computer will delete it everywhere it's synced. it'll be removed from other devices and your google account. on your computer, open chrome. at the top right, click the menu icon, click more tools, the clear browsing data. choose the time range, like last hour or all time. select the types of information you want to remove, then click clear data
what is the internet of everything? : the internet of everything is the intelligent connection of people, process, data and things.
why is the internet of everything important? : the internet of everything brings together people, process, data and things to make networked connections more relevant and valuable than  ever before - turning information into actions that create new  capabilities, richer experiences and unprecedented economic opportunity  for businesses, individuals and countries.
how does the internet of everything relate to the internet of things? : the “internet of everything” builds on the foundation of the "internet of things" by adding network intelligence that allows convergence, orchestration and visibility across previously disparate systems.
why is the internet of everything happening now? : the explosion of new connections joining the internet of everything is driven by the development of ip-enabled devices, the increase in global broadband availability and the advent of ipv6.
what risks and challenges should be considered in the internet of everything? : some important considerations in the internet of everything include privacy, security, energy consumption and network congestion.
what role does the network play in the internet of everything? : the network plays a critical role in the internet of everything – it must provide an intelligent, manageable, secure infrastructure that can scale to support billions of context-aware devices.
how does the internet of everything relate to our new brand campaign? : the internet of everything represents the business opportunity that the new brand campaign addresses. it is not the company vision or tagline.
what is the current state of security in iot products on the consumer scale, such as household appliances, wearables, smart-home systems, etc.? : there is plenty of room for improvement.smart watches: a recent hp study revealed security and privacy issues in all of the top 10 smart watch brands. issues include lack of transport encryption, automatic connectivity to any bluetooth device within range, and problems with lock down screens. smart home systems: these systems show many problems, including not encrypting data and having weak password policies. smart tvs: some brands leave data vulnerable in transit. for example, in 2015, researchers discovered some samsung smart tvs were sending unencrypted voice recognition data and text information.  all of these connected devices share data with mobile phones and tablets and are often programmed to automatically connect to any bluetooth or wi-fi network. and, anytime a device is connected to a "public" network, there are risks involved (e.g., data theft and sabotage). this automatic connection feature makes these devices vulnerable when connecting to any "public" network.
why are there such poor security practices in iot products? : lack of understanding and devotion to good security protocols.many iot devices lack the computing power of a desktop or laptop computer, or other higher-end devices, which makes it difficult to implement strong security. a cultural divide exists between infosec professionals (those concerned with keeping the communications between devices secure), and mechanical and electrical engineers (those concerned with the switches, motors, etc., making sure the devices operate). infosec as an industry needs to do a better job of reaching out to build relationships with the engineers, and better demonstrate the value of security more effectively to bridge that cultural divide.
how do we best address the technical challenges impacting security for the iot? : the security industry can do this in several ways, but it starts with recognizing the problems and then providing better education about the solutions. in most cases, the technology is available and just needs to be implemented. for example, ssl/tls provides strong and scalable encryption at the scale that the iot demands. sophisticated, managed pki systems can handle strong identity vetting and provide reliable data encryption across all objects and devices within iot deployments. a pki solution should be the standard for iot. the security industry needs to help vendors understand the risks associate with poor iot security. first, we need to present information from the point-of-view of an end-user. second, organizations need to be made aware of the financial impact of poor security: lowered sales, diminished trust in their brand, or even health and safety risks when healthcare devices, critical infrastructure, and national defense are included in the conversation. simple protections can be put in place that notify end-users to set up controls over wi-fi and bluetooth connectivity, enabling lock screens, and other basic security functions.
how can an organization implement a trusted iot security framework? : an organization needs to choose a certificate authority partner that is trusted and can scale effectively to meet their iot requirements.
how is the private key generated? : during manufacturing the private key is placed directly on the device by its own cryptographic library, or by a hub/controller as close to the device as possible.
if the private key is generated "on-device", then how many lines of code need to be written by the developer (approximately)? : scripting openssl to create certificate signing requests (csrs) based on a few pieces of input could be done with less than 10 lines of code.
if the private key is generated "off-device", then how many lines code need to be written by the developer (approximately)? : it can range from 50 to 1,000 lines of code across the various devices that need encrypted communications.
how is the private key stored and protected? : typically, it is stored on the device using operating system (os) access controls; otherwise, it's stored in a fips-compliant hsm.
is storing the private key in hardware an option? : yes, the private key can be stored in hardware.
does the private key ever have to be off-device? : no, the private key should be stored on-device.
what languages are supported? : scep, est, restful api (json or xml).
how is the device seeded with a unique identifier? : the device is seeded during manufacturing or during the device enrollment process.
how does an iot provider initially seed the device? : ideally, the iot provider uses a crypto engine on device to create the private key, making sure to use a strong random number generator to create the private key.
how does an iot provider re-seed a device? : the iot provider use the same process as was initially used to seed the device.
how does an iot provider revoke a certificate? : revocations are managed through an online interface/api call. the revocation must be submitted for a specific serial number or certificate id.
how does an iot provider manage which systems are trusted? : the device management console should set access rules and controls for systems, devices, certificates, and their connections.
how does an iot provider update the list of trusted systems securely? : the customer uses authenticated and/or signed messaging to and from devices based on the current trust status of certificates in use on those systems.
what are the options for lengths of certificate expiration? : certificate expiration lengths are based on the project needs.
can certificates be automatically provisioned and enrolled? : yes, certificates can be automatically provisioned and enrolled.
approximately how many lines of code need to be written by the developer to ensure software package integrity? : signing verification is straightforward, so probably less than 200 lines of code (given necessary libraries are present).
approximately how many lines of code need to be written by the developer for device-to-application secured communication? : this would depend on the communication method and available libraries, but for something like mqtt, probably less than 200 lines of code.
will iot actually work over the internet or will it have its own dedicated wide area network : interoperability between various wireless and networking standards is still an issue and something that forums and standards bodies are trying to address.
what effect will the internet of things (iot) have on our daily lives? : it already is having an impact. a recent report from gartner says there will be 4.9bn connected things in 2015, rising to 25bn by 2020.
what type of algorithms are needed for iot? : iot is not about a single algorithm. there are literally thousands of algorithms that are in common use. it all depends on what you want to do. a relatively simple iot application may end up using dozens of algorithms. a good book to get a feeling is the classic by knuth titled: the art of computer programming.
will there be a different ip address allocation strategy for iot devices? : theoretically, ipv6 has enough address space to allow iot devices to be covered by a common construct, providing a path to consistency and inter-operability. that does not mean that each iot node is on the internet, and some deployments are architected to aggregate iot nodes using non-ip protocols at an internet gateway. there is a very wide range of opinions on how to do this and is part of the learning curve.
how much data is used by iot solutions? : there are solutions in the iot landscape that are not very data intensive: it could be as little as one bit (is something on or off). on the other hand, it could be astronomical: think of a high-resolution camera that is producing a streaming video where you record all the bits, and then think of many such cameras producing data at the same time. think of a major satellite system such as nasa's eos (earth observing system) that has high-resolution instruments streaming high-resolution data.
how much power will iot devices consume? : there is no monolithic iot. a single instance may consume a small fraction of a watt. a single cloud rack in an iot data center might consume 30-60kw. meanwhile, a large robot or autonomous machine like an agricultural combine may consume more than 100kw. the aggregate in power consumption from 50 billion iot devices might be considerable! a good exercise is to go through and compare iot power usage to other sources of consumption.
how well is security developed in iot? especially the low power devices? are there any security architectures and algorithms developed? and what are the difficulties in implementing security in iot? : security is recognized as a challenge. regulatory bodies are mandating that security or privacy must be built in from the scratch - but that's hardly realistic. my own view is that we are on a learning curve and security is one of the items we have to conquer - that does not mean it will impede deployment, but it will impact design and applications especially for critical functions.
with the vast array of data generated by iot technologies, how will this be impacted by the general data protection regulations (gdpr)? : it will have quite an impact because it will dictate where the infrastructure is located, as well as who has access to it. the ability to do things from anywhere at any time will be restricted. it is an example where non-technical issues have real consequences.
what uses and benefits can iot have for the financial services industry? : i suspect that iot will change the nature of financial services profoundly. you can think of an atm machine as an early precursor. over time, many aspects of financial services, from payment systems to the use of blockchain ledgers, will be mainstream.
can iot control the home? : you might control some functions in a home. it might be heating and cooling, maintenance for appliances, security, looking after the garden, etc.
which part of iot will create the most jobs? is it the developing part or hardware maintenance? : if you have a good background and are adept at systems thinking, you will get your pick of what's available. iot is not a bad area to grow your career.
how much does standardization play a role in iot, and how can we take into consideration the needs of developing nations like india? : standardization is very important for adoption, for scale, and consequently for cost structure. some of the standards bodies don't pay enough attention to the needs of developing nations, so it is crucial to have venues where technology can be localized to take into account practice, customs, markets, and economics at the right level.
is blockchain centralized or decentralized? : blockchain are centralized as well as decentralized as opposed to the popular belief that blockchains are decentralized. private or centralized blockchain mechanism has restricted entry to make changes to the ledger whereas in public or decentralized blockchain anybody can have access to the ledger(bitcoin, ripple etc.)
what is a merkle tree? : merkle tree is used to verify the transaction in the quickest time and less space complexity.
what is elliptic curve cryptography digital signature algorithm? : when a transaction occurs in a blockchain the first step is to hash each transaction in the memory pool using sha256.these hashes are then placed into a merkle tree (hash tree).the hashes of transactions are grouped into two and then concatenated result is hashed again until the tree is formed.
why ecc is better than rsa? : hash at the top of the tree is called the merkle root.the merkle root of this hash tree is placed into the block's header along with the hash of the previous block and a random number called a nonce.the block's header is then hashed with sha256 producing an output that will serve as the block's identifier.
what is a ledger? : ecdsa is a cryptographic algorithm used by bitcoin to ensure that the legitimacy of the transaction.it works on the principle of eccdlp (elliptic curve cryptography discrete logarithmic problem) which means it is easy to go from a'>b but almost impossible to go from b'>a i.e ecc is a trapdoor function.
what is the difference between blockchain and distributed ledger? : ecc and rsa both algorithms work on the principle of asymmetric encryption.in asymmetric encryption, there is a public key for encryption and private key for decryption. ecc is better than rsa because it provides equivalent security for a much lesser key size which makes ecc faster and more secure.as for equal key size, ecc would be more secure than rsa.
what is quorum slice? : a ledger is typically a database.the blockchain is a shared public ledger on which the entire bitcoin network relies. all confirmed transactions are included in the blockchain. this way, bitcoin wallets can calculate their spendable balance and new transactions can be verified to be spending bitcoins that are actually owned by the spender.
what is a segment tree? : ledgers can be centralized or decentralized depending on public or private blockchain.
what is diffie hellman key exchange? : a distributed ledger is a database that is spread across several nodes or computing devices which are in layman terms the miners who run the algorithm on their computing devices. every node copy and saves an identical copy of the ledger. each participating node of the network updates itself independently.
how are boxes linked in a blockchain? : the most striking feature of distributed ledger technology is that the ledger is not maintained by any central authority. updates to the ledger are independent and done by each node. the nodes then vote on the update(transaction) to ensure that the majority agrees with the conclusion. this voting and agreement on one copy of the ledger is called consensus and is executed by a consensus algorithm.
write a python program to perform word tokenization? : blockchains are only a form of distributed ledger technology. every distributed ledger doesn't use a chain of blocks to provide a secure and valid distributed confidencea blockchain is distributed and is managed by peer-to-peer networks. since it is a distributed ledger, it can exist without a centralized authority or server managing it, and its data quality can be maintained by database replication and computational trust.
write a function to calculate multiplicative inverse of two numbers? : the structure of the blockchain makes it distinct from other kinds of distributed ledgers. data on a blockchain is grouped together and organized in blocks. the blocks are then linked to one another and secured using  ecc cryptography.
which of these facts about a ledger is not correct? : a quorum is the number of nodes required to reach agreement within a system. fbas instead use "quorum slices". a quorum slice is a subset of a quorum, which can convince another specific node to agree.
which benefits of a blockchain enabled business network engender trust? : segment tree is a basically a binary tree used for storing the intervals or segments. the underlying principle behind this data structure is to store certain values of ranges as a balanced binary tree and hence query and update can be performed efficiently.
what is bitcoin? : diffie-hellman is an algorithm used to exchange a secret key between two parties. it is used in symmetric encryption algorithms like aes
what is the core requirement(s) for a business blockchain? : boxes are linked backward to the previous block in blockchain.genesis block is the first block of the blockchain.a block can never have more than one parent block.
the primary benefit of immutability is  : import math import sys def convert(example):var3=[]for i inexample:i=i.lower() var3.append return var3 p=input("enter the message") x=convert(p) print(x)
a smart contract is  : def multiplicative(e, phi): d = 0;x1 = 0;x2 = 1;y1 = 1;temp_phi = phi;while e > 0:temp1 = temp_phi/e temp2 = temp_phi " (temp1 * e); temp_phi = e;e = temp2;x = x2-(temp1* x1);y= d "( temp1 * y1);x2 = x1;x1 = x;d = y1;y1 = y;if (temp_phi ==1):return d + phi;
in a business blockchain, transactions  : a ledger is used purely for the reporting of cash.
what is the appropriate use of business blockchain? : consensus, provenance, immutability, and finality.
what makes a good block chain use case? : an unregulated censorship resistant shadow currency.
what factors can help ensure a successful first blockchain use case project? : technical services, business services, and solution.
what do you understand by "burning of tokens" : tamper-proof
can you explain me the difference between "contract address" and "owner address"? : business rules implied by the contract embedded in block chain.
what are the best practices while writing the smart contracts? : cannot be modified, are added to the ledger with appropriate confidentiality and are endorsed by a subset of business network participants.
what is erc20 token? : a more efficient transaction processing system across a business network.
how my ethereum wallet works? : an identifiable business network or business problem to be solved or the need for trust.
how write a whole document in ethereum blockchain? : a limited scope and/or a smaller business network and/or scalable project that can grow participants and scenarios.
can i transfer ether from a wallet to smart contract directly without invoking a payable function? : in its simplest form, burning a token means making the token permanently unspendable. there are a few ways of doing this, such as sending the tokens to a bogus address (an address with no known private key) so that the token is no longer usable.
name some test networks for ethereum? : a contract address can never be accessed directly (no private key). if i write a contract, i can add a function that if the contract receives ethers that came not through a function (for example a deposit()-function) but were directly paid, that those ethers get returned to the payer. but if i do not add such a repay-/revert- function, the ethers would be lost in the wallet forever. they then can not even be accessed by the contract owner.
which ide should we use for the development of the smart contracts? : never do the inconsistent naming use the latest version of the solidity compiler. consider using solidity's require the function to express preconditions concisely. try to keep the gas cost low as possible. do the unit testing of the smart contracts using the mocha framework.  try to use the "self-destruct " function at the end of the smart contract.
define blockchain in the simplest words? : erc20 token is a set of standards that are defined in the ethereum, they consist of 5 functions and 2 events that help the transfer of tokens and listening to events.most of the icos are using the erc20 token as a standard token.there have been several improvements in the ethereum network also known as eips which have increased the functions of tokens.
can you name some consensus algorithms? : myetherwallet runs an ethereum node, and enables rpc on that node. this allows the client-side web3 library to connect to their node, and request information such as balance, or submitting signed transactions.further wise they make use of a library called ethereumjs-wallet, which allows you to convert a private key to an address (which is then used to request balances), and a library called ethereumjs-tx which can sign raw transactions with private keys.
what are hash functions in blockchain? : using ipfs is almost definitely the right approach, as writing data to the blockchain is usually prohibitively expensive. having stored the data in ipfs and got the hash back, you can read the data using ipfs.cat(document_hash).if you want to put a document in storage, you can convert it to bytes then store the bytes on the blockchain, but you don't want to do this. putting documents in the event logs may be somewhat less impossible but don't.
what are some properties of hash functions? : if you want to send ethers to smart contract you should define a payable function it could be the fallback function.otherwise, you will get an error.
why there is a transaction fee included in the transactions of bitcoin and where does it go? : ropsten test network, kovan test network, rinkeby test network.
how will you define the mining? : generally we use the remix ide which is present online, or we can use the truffle for the development and testing of smart contracts.
can you name some details that are sent to the block of bitcoin? : blockchain is a distributed ledger, which has a shared database based on consensus algorithm.
how do the public key and private key generation work? : pow ( proof of work ) which bitcoin uses, pos ( proof of stake), dpos ( delegated proof at stake).
can you write a smart contract for "hello word" in solidity? : hash functions take any string of fixed size ( 256 bits in this case ) and generate a fixed size alphanumeric string
 : 
